XYZ Coheritor
A coherer or coherer is a primitive type of bridge receiver on the telegraph phia nail receiver.
The coherer was only fit for the reception of messages in the Morse Code.
For the reception of telephony without wire and of AM radio, this device was inadequate.
XYZ Construction and functioning
The coherent consist of a tenuous tube of glass with two electrodes, full, unpressing, metal-light (FeNi).
One side of the coherent is connected with the lantern, the other with the earth.
The high electric resistance includes an electric current from a source of energy connected parallel to the cohesor.
But under the influence of a radio, the dust is coherent, and the coherent allows for the easy passage of the current.
This run may, for example, ring a bell or control a relax.
The cause of this effect is the crosshairs that are running between the sheets of metal and which make the pieces cloaked.
If it strikes at the bottom of the tube, it's the opposite, and it's the previous situation.
1 ENDOFPAGE
XYZ History
The coherer's invention is often attributed to French radiotelegraph pioneer Édouard Branly.
Around 1890, he used his radio conduit for the first time as a radio receiver.
But the Italian physique Calzecchi Onesti described the beginning of the six-year-old coherer.
In his research he discovered that the electric conductiveness of the iron finish, confined to an insulated tube, grew heavily under the influence of outside electric fields.
Onesti used this mainly as a storm-detector because it changed to atmosphere disturbs in the air.
The Englishman, then, explained the principles of his office, and gave it the name of the name of the name (coherer, coherer), based on the English word (to coherer).
In more recent years, better evaluations for the reception of radios were developed, such as the receiver at the crack, the electric tube and today's transistor.
XYZ Lingua creole haitian
The Native Greek language (kreyol ayasen), often referred to simply as Creolo, is a language spoken in Haiti by around eight million people (as of 2005).
That's almost all the population of the land.
2 ENDOFPAGE
In addition, there are about three hundred million Creophone emigrants in Canada, in the United States, in France, and in many expensive nations, especially in the Dominican Republic, Cuba, and the Bahamas.
The Haitian creole is one of the two official languages of Haiti, with the French.
It's a first-class creole in French, which comes to 90 percent of its vocabulary.
It also contains several influences, notably from the native Taíno language, from some languages of West Africa, Portuguese and Spanish.
The language has two distinct dialects: the Fablas and the Plateau.
The Frenchman was the only literary language of the land from its independence in 1804 to 1961, when Féquile Morisseau (Leroy among other members of the official state of the creolo, which was confirmed in the national establishment of 1987.
The use of the creole in literature is rare but growing; Morissau is one of the primary examples.
Many speakers are Trilingual, speaking Haitian, Spanish, French.
Many teachers, authors and activists have been emphasizing injury and alphabetization from 1980 onward.
Today there are numerous newspapers and radio and television programs in the creole.
XYZ Earth Atmosphere
3 ENDOFPAGE
Earth's atmosphere is the mass of gases that surround the earth.
The atmosphere consists of chimic nitrogen mills (78.09 per cent), oxygeno (20.95 per cent), argon (0.9 per cent), carbon dioxydose (0.0333 per cent) and a few noble gases (helium, neon, krypton, xenon); it also contains method, hydrogen, oxydium and suboxydoses of nitrogen, ozon and other gases.
The mix is homogenous to the extent of about 50 miles (80 km) of height except for a different amount of water vapor; these gas mixtures are called _are_.
The circulation of the air and the condensation of the water vapor dependent on the thermodynamic conditions of the atmosphere causes the formation of clouds and the variation of solar radios.
The mass of the Earth's atmosphere is approximately 5,1015 tones.
The average atmosphere press at the sea is 1013.25 hectopascal (Normal conditions of temperature and pressure).
On the highest level, the atmosphere pressure dims.
XYZ Iceland
The Republic of Iceland is a island of the North Atlantic Ocean, between Greenland, Scotland, Norway, to the north-west of the Faroe Islands.
It is a member of the European Association of Freedom Excamium (AELE) and the North Atlantic Treaty Organization (NATO).
4 ENDOFPAGE
XYZ History
One of the theories to the populace of its present territory asserts that the first people of the island arrived in the 8th century, and that they were members of a mission known as a non-papar, which came from Ireland or Scotland, even though there are no archeological discoveries that support these hypotheses.
It is thought that the monaches left the island when the Scandinavians arrived, who settled between 870 and 930 years old.
The first permanent North American settler was Ingólfur Arnarson, who built his farm in the area of the present 874th year.
Ingalfur was followed by many other colonists and their Irish slaves.
In 930, the highest portion of the agricultural land was occupied and the Althing, a legislative and judicial parliament, was founded as a political centre of the Icelandic Confederation.
Christianity was adopted in the year 1000.
The confederation lasted until 1262, when the political system for the original colonists was incapacitated with the power of the Icelandic.
XYZ Geography
5 ENDOFPAGE
The island is situated in the Atlantic Ocean on the south side of the Arctic, which runs across the island of Grimsey on the north coast of Island, but not across the mainland of the land.
At the level of Greenland, it is part of Europe, not North America, even though the geographical part of the island is located between the continental plates.
The nearest island in the land is Greenland (87 km away) and the Faroe Islands.
XYZ Culture
XYZ Lingua
The official language of the land is the Icelandic language.
Many people speak English and Danish because they are obligatory according to the National Studios Plan.
XYZ Religion
The station religion is the religion of the National Church of Iceland.
Other important religion is Ásatruárfélagið, a neo-pagan religion.
She was the first country to accept a neo-pay religion as a legal religion.
XYZ Pakistan
6 ENDOFPAGE
Pakistan is a republic in Asia.
It is placed in the region, which in the old age called the Indian _in Latin or Greek-language_Sindhos_.
With a population that exceeds 180 million people, it is the sixth country that is the most popular in the world.
It is located in a crossroads between the strategically important regions of the south, the centre, and the east asian.
It contains 1046 miles of shore to the Arab Sea and the Gulf of Oman in its southern part.
It also has borders with India for the east, with Afghanistan for the west and the north, with Iran for the southwest and China at its north end.
Even so, it is separated from Tajikistan by the leader of Wakhan, pertinent of Afghanistan, and the border of the border with Oman.
It is a political republic composed of four provinces and four federal, ethnic and linguistically diverse territories, with great differences in their geography and life savings.
Today's country is an intermediary power with regional power, it is told by the seventh army of the most numerous worlds, and it is possessed by nuclear weapons, which will make it into the only land of the Islamic world with this type of weapons and the second in South Asia.
7 ENDOFPAGE
Its economy is semi-industrial and figures on the 27th floor of the world at the end of the basis of the objective power and in the 47th by the size of its nominal GDP.
It is one of the founding members of the Organization of the Islamic Conference (this day called the Organization for the Islamic Cooperation) and it is the Member of the UN, the Commonwealth of Nations, the Proxime Dece, the ASACR, the OEC, the D-8 and the G-20 of countries in disrepair.
XYZ History
It was created from India after the peaceful revolution by Mahatma Gandhi against the British who held India.
During this political process, the leader of India's Muslims, Muhammad Ali Jinnah, and other Muslims thought that Indian Muslims were not safe, so the land was built.
In time of war, Pakistan was against India, but with republics it wanted to take over the region of Kashmir.
Pakistan and India have friendly weapons.
The present territory of Pakistan was in the antiquity the home of different cultures, such as the neo-Lithic Mehrgarh and the culture of the Indo Valley of the bronko.
It was also the object of invasions and consents by Indians, Persians, Indo-Greeks, Muslims, Turkishs, Mongols, Africans, and Sikhs.
8 ENDOFPAGE
All this region was governed by many empires and disasters, such as the pure empire, the wealthy empire, the Omeyyade, the Mongol empire, the Durrani kingdom, the British kingdom and the British Empire.
As a result of the efforts of the movement led by Muhammad Ali Jinnah and the Indian independence movement in 1947, in which they reached their independence you were set up as the nation of the Muslims who lived in the regions of east and west India, where they were mostly.
Initially, Pakistan was a British rule, but in 1956, the land opened up a constitution, and it became an Islamic republic.
A civil war in 1971 resulted in the secession of East Pakistan, which went on to be called by Bangladesh.
The history of post-independence has been laid down by military government period, political instability and conflict with its neighbour India, other countries with nuclear weapons, for the control of Kashmir.
The land continues to afflict problems like terror, poverty, analphabetism, and corruption.
XYZ Geography
After the occupation of Alexander the Magnus, Sindus separated from India and became involved in the classical Hellenic culture.
Deinde his geography and nickname were known in classic Greco-Latina.
9 ENDOFPAGE
XYZ Italy
Italy (effectively the Italian Republic) is a country in southern Europe, a member of the European Union.
Its territory consists mainly of a peninsula (Peninsula Italic, crossed by the chain of the Apennines) and of two large islands in the Mediterranean Sea: Sicily and Sardinia.
The north is surrounded by the Alpes.
Geographically, Italy is made up of three parts: a mainland, a peninsular and an islander.
Italy has borders with France, Switzerland, Austria and Switzerland.
The independent States of San Marino and the City of the Vatican are enclosed in Italian territory.
Italy is a member of the G8 or a group of the eight most industrialized nations of the world.
Situated in the heart of the ancient Roman Empire, the land is full of treasures which constitutes the history and basis of Western civilization.
His capital is Rome, called the eternal city.
Language: Italian.
XYZ History
XYZ Prime Iron Cultures and Etate
10 ENDOFPAGE
During the Iron Age, there were several cultures that could be different from three large geographical nuclei:
- that of the ancient Latin
- the woman from Magna Grecia
...that of Etruria,
One of these languages was an enigmatic people that lived in the north of Italy, Switzerland and the south of France.
Another people, the Etruscans, had their historic core in Tuscany, and had an uncertain origin.
They spread out from Tuscany to the south to the Latio and the northern part of Campania, where the Greek colonies were found; towards the north of the Italian peninsula they occupied the valley area of the river Po, in the present-day region of Lombardy.
Towards the 5th century, his power began to deteriorate because of the fact that he had to fight against the Celts, the Greeks and Carthaginians.
Around 40 before Christ, Etruria was conquered by the Romans and the rest of the people were also conquered.
XYZ Roma
11 ENDOFPAGE
Old Rome designates an agricultural community founded in the 8th century, which was spread from the city of Rome, and grew up in the wilderness of the Sahara, and turned into an empire, which, in its age, caused a great cultural flower from Great Britannia to the desert of the Sahara and from the Iberian peninsula to the Euphrate, caused a great cultural bloom in every location in which it ruled.
At first, after its founding (753 A.E. according to the tradition) Rome was an Etruscan monarchy.
Later (509 B.C.) there was a Latin republic and in 27 A.D. converted into an empire.
The period of ever-splendor is known as Pax Romana, for the relative state of harmony which prevailed in the regions under the Roman rule.
Cesar Augusto closed the gates of Jano's temple, which he remained waiting for in times of war, when he believed he had won the songs and the stories in the 24th century.
It is accepted at the beginning of this period in 29th century when Augusto declared the end of civil wars and its duration until the death of Marco Aurelio (180).
With Emperor Diocletiano the Empire is reorganised, but after Constantine I the Great, it was not made to be unified because Theodosius and the Great divided it between his two sons, Archadio and Flavio Honorio, giving to one of the Byzantine Empire and to another of the Roman Empire of the West.
Barbarian invasions will be the end of the Western Empire in 476 beginning the Median.
12 ENDOFPAGE
XYZ Medievo
The ostrogothos was a group of gothos who had been subdued by the Hunas, but after their deliverance, Theodorico the Great, with the blessing of the Emperor of the East, led his people to Italy in 488.
In the prison, Odoacro ruled after the Empire in 476, but after a country in the northern part of the peninsula, Theodorico tossed the capital, Ravenna, killing Odoacro in 493.
In 526 the death of Theodoric ended with the peace, inheriting Italy his grandson, Athalaricus, who died without sons, which caused a cry that caused the kingdom to disappear.
Under King I, the Byzantine Empire started a series of country with a way to rebuild the Mediterranean unit.
The weakness of the ostrogoth kingdom and the byzantine desires of recognising the city of Rome turned Italy into a goal.
In 535, General Belisarius commanded Sicily and marched across the peninsula, taking Neapole and arriving in Rome in 536.
It came up to the north and took Mediolanum (Milan) and Ravenna in 540, and in 561 the area was pacified.
Among the different Germanic people who had forsaken their purple antiques to live in the best land, the lombards were told, to whom Justinian had left to settle in Panonia, at the condition of defending the border.
13 ENDOFPAGE
The pressure of the cities on the Pope caused the king of the French, Pipin the Breve, to take place between 756 and 758 reprieves in the north of Italy.
The situation was impotent with the death of Pipino, but the reunification of the French under Carol Magne led to a new intervention in Italy in 774.
After a brief battle, Carolo Magne conquered the kingdom of Lombardy which, holding its autonomy, became a member of the Carolingian Empire.
Between the X and the 13th centuries, certain maritime republics had great economic prosperity, thanks for their business activity, in a framework of extensive political autonomy.
Generally, the definition is referred to as four cities: Amalphi, Pisa, Genua and Venetia.
The other cities of the area had independence, participated in the Crusades, counted with a naval fleet, etc.
Among them can stand Gaeta, Ancona, and Noli.
XYZ Renascentia, Foreign master and unification
A third of the population in 1348 was killed by the panda of black.
Between the 14th and 16th centuries, Italy was not a political unit that was already fragmented into multiple states.
14 ENDOFPAGE
In the north there were cities, such as the Republic of Venice, the Republic of Florentia, the Duchy of Milan or the Republic of Genova.
At the turn of the city of Rome was the Papal States, and at the south was the Kingdom of Neapole, later the member of the Crown of Aragon, and therefore of the Spanish Monarchy.
During this time there was the Italian Renascent, a period of great logs and cultural changes in Italy that had widened since the end of the 14th century until 1600, the transition between the Middle and modern Europe.
Among its cultural logs lays out literary works by writers such as Petrarch or Machiavelli, art works by Michelangelo and Leonardo da Vinci, and architectural operations such as the church of Sancta Maria dei Fiore in Florentia and the Basilica of San Petro in Rome.
For its fragmentation, it was a scene of the interests of the European forces during the 16th, XVI, XVIII, and XVIII, which led to conflict as the Italian War, the Spanish War of Succession, the conflict between Espany and Austria for the Neapolitan possessions as well as the French and Napoleonic war, which was called the Emperor Napoleon the first King of Italy in the May 23rd King of Milan.
15 ENDOFPAGE
After the first half of the 19th century, when the Italian nationalist sentiment came up in Italy, materilized on 17 March 1861, when the states of the Italian peninsula and the two United Sicilys formed the kingdom of Italy, which was to be organized by the Holy Empire II, of the house of Savoya, until the ruler of Pedemon, and king of Samdenia.
The craft of unification was Camillo Benso, Count of Cavour, King's Minister.
XYZ From unification to news
Rome, for her part, was separated from the rest of Italy under the lead of the Pope, and was not part of the kingdom until September 20, 1870, the end date of the unification.
Then there was a plebiscite in which Rome was chosen as the capital of the kingdom.
Outside the boundary alone was the Republic of San Marino.
There was a conflict between the Sancta Sede, for the independence of the Italian police, which was only resolved in 1929 with the Pactos de Letran.
For these agreements, Italy yielded a small part of its territory to the poorness of the Pope.
Mussolini's fascist opinion was allotted with the Nazi German and the Japanese Empire, which led to the deroute after the Second World War.
16 ENDOFPAGE
During the defeat of this war and later years, thousands of Italians were emigrating out of the land, mainly in Argentina, Chile, Belgium, United States, France and Germany.
On June 2, 1946, a referendum to the monarchy established the republic as a system of Italian government, adopting the land a new Constitution on January 1, 1948.
The members of the royal family who were taken into exile, for their relationship with the political family until November 10, 2003, when they were able to return, thanks to the amendment of the Italian parliament.
The Treaty of Rome in 1957 signed by six European countries has made Italy one of the founding members of the European Union.
From the end of the sixtieth years until the beginning of the eighty, there was a period of dissatisfaction at a political and political situation translating violently in the streets and armed struggle, now called an anni di piombó_.
XYZ Geography
XYZ Topography
The Relievo presents four regional units: to the north, a continental sector that is governed by the Alpes; to the south, a financial sector articulated by the Apennines; to both the plains of the Po or the Padana; and finally the Volcanic islands.
The alpine system is spread across Italian territory almost all of its southern vertente.
17 ENDOFPAGE
In this great mountain assembly stands out the shapes of the Dolomites and in the crystal-sector, a few of the main members of all the alpine systems like Mount Rose or Cervin.
The remnant of Italian plains, though numbered, is of little extension, and is mainly situated on the coastline, and some made up of important banks like Arno or Tiber.
The chain of the Apennines shall make up the back thorn of the Italian pensula, and there shall be three parts in it: the northern Apennines, of lower height; the central Apennines, also referred to as Abruzzes, which shall make up the roof of the chain, and shall be presented with karstic type models; and finally, the southern Apennines, which are under its height.
On the south end of the Italian peninsula, the island of Sicily is considered to be an extension of the Apennines, representing Mount Etna, which is the highest volcano in Europe with 3,345 m.
The island of Sardenia is also mountain, even though it can uncover the river origination of Campidano, between Oristan and Cagliari.
XYZ Climate
Italian climatology, well as a Mediterranean character, features remarkable regional variations.
In the first post, for the effect of its extension in latitude: annual media in Milan of 23 °C in June, and -0.6 °C in January, during the time that in Palermo, these media are 24 and 13 °Cs, respectfully.
18 ENDOFPAGE
The most precipitous of the land is the province of Udine, on the north-east, with 1,530-mm, and the place with less precipitates in the south of the region of Apulia, in the province of Foggia and in the south part of Sicily, with approximately 460-mm.
It may be different from the land in three climatic regions: the Mediterranean climate in the south of Italy, with warm settlements exceeding 30 C, the rivers of the river Po, where winter is very cold as in the land of northern Europe and the Apennines, with cold climate and strong precipitation.
XYZ Main cities
XYZ Other cities
XYZ Regions and regional capital
XYZ Government
The political policy has been based on a Member Republic system with a representative democracy since June 2, 1946, when the monarchy was abolished by popular referral.
The power is to implement the Council of Ministers which shall be delivered by the Head of Government (the President of the Council of the Ministers), the Chief Minister of the United Nations, one of the five most important members of the region of the Union, with the chairman of the President of the Republic, the President of the Senate of the Republic, the President of the House of Deputys and President of the Constitution Court.
The legislative power is in charge of the Parliament and the Council of Ministers.
19 ENDOFPAGE
The judicial power is independent of the executive and legislative.
Moreover, it's an old-timer.
In the south of the peninsula and in the island of Sicily, the mafia has so much or more power than the state, coming to control, judges, judges and police.
In 1992, the murder of Giovanni Falcone, a magistrate who was investigating the organized crime and the country of fine hands that he had been moved by Italian instincts, but years of intense research, had little results.
Silvio, a former prime minister, has always been suspected of corruption and was chosen in three occasions for his burden.
It resigned on 12 November 2011 for the serious economic situation.
XYZ Economy
The industrial activity has been the Italian development engine, and the present axe of its economy.
Agricole activities have experienced a remarkable setback, in the occupation of active population (7,3%) and in its participation in the PIB (3,7%).
Agricole production does not supply the food of the population and is especially plentiful in the cattle branch.
XYZ Transport
20 ENDOFPAGE
Ferrovie dello Estado was born in 1905, and is the most important public railway company and Italy.
Starting in year 2000, following the European regulations requiring the separation of passenger transport, of the undercrowding sector, the society was reorganised.
Today, Italian high-velocity trains are the ETR 500 and the lines that exist at this moment are Rome -Florence, Rome - Napoleon, Turin - Novavara, Padua -Venice, Milan - Traviglio and Milan -Bolonia.
In total, in 2003, there were 16,287 kilometers of train roads, 668,721 kilometers of travel, of which 6,487 kilometers were utopian, and 4,379 kilometers of transport for tubes.
Airports with more traffic were Rome - Fiumicino, Milano -Malpensa, Milan - Lined, Venetia and Catania - Fontanarossa in 2003.
For his part, the most expensive harbors were Genova, Trieste, Tarento, Augusta, and Gioia Tauro.
In 2005, 590 out of every 1,000 Italians owned a car and in the majority of the cities, the 60 percent of the citizens were not satisfied with public transport, the reasons for which the number of passengers has decreased.
XYZ Tourism
Tourism is one of the largest areas in the national economy with 43.7 million tourists from year to year and a total of 42,700 million dollars generated in the fourth country with the most tourism in the world.
21 ENDOFPAGE
Rome, the capital, is one of the most visited destinations of the world, with a media of 7 to 10 million tourists a year.
The Colosseum of Rome with four million tourists is the 37th-most visited by the world.
It also benefits from the religious and cultural tourism that generates and neighbours the Vatican City with posts as visited as the Vatican Museums or the St. Peter's Basilica.
Other areas of great interest include Agrippa's pantheon, Trevi's Fontana, Navona Square, Roman, St. Angelo's Castle, or the Arch-basilica of San Juan de Letran, the last sovereign of the Vátican city.
The cultural interest of the land also reflected is all the World of the United Nations that has, even though the land that contains the greatest number of places in the world with 44.
XYZ Population
XYZ Demographia
At the end of 2008, the population of the country surpassed 60 million, the fourth-most populous country in Europe, and with a fifth-highest population density with a average of 198 persons per kilometer.
As of the age of sixty, the Italian population experienced a change in its rhythm of growth, which was since 0,30 per cent of average year between 1985 and 1990.
22 ENDOFPAGE
The lowering of the death cup was accompanied by a sizeable decline in the birth cup, one of all five Italians over 65 years in 2008.
The change in the geographical tents added to the traditional migration movements that had also made Italy one of the largest management of Europe and America.
It happened to become a small arrival of third-world immigrants, but, above all, there were important migration currends among them.
With a massive southerly population movement in Rome and the north-industrialized, not to the north, but to the north, but to help with the growth of birth.
The mealy cup has grown for a few years since 1,32 children per mulier in 2005 to 1,41 in the year of 2008.
The focus of the Italian population on urban nuclei (69 percent of the urban population) has generated a homogeneous ratio of large cities, playing a regional centros role (Neapole, 973,132 inhabitants; Turin, 963.128; Palermo, 663.173; Genova, 610,887; Bolonia, 372,256, and Florentia, 364,710), with two national nucleities; (2.718,768 hab), the political capital, and Milan (132,99633), the economic capital.
XYZ Religion
In Italy is the principle of the state's loyalty and thus there is no official religion.
23 ENDOFPAGE
Italian citizens are mostly Catholic: in 2006 87,5% declared themselves Catholic and 30, jostling.
18.5 per cent of the population is anostic or not a believer.
The Catholic Church in Italy shall be organized in 225 diocese plus military ordinariate; the episcopus of Rome shall be the chief and assume the title of the Pope.
Ecclesia has an influential role in the Italian society, taking a position on religious, social and political topics, such as divorce and abate within seventy years, or, in more recent years, bilingual testament and assisted fertilization, the remoteness of the scolastic Italian classrooms (remotion to which the 60 percent of Italians shall be declared, with 17 per cent in favour) or the policies on immigration.
The State (Ecclesia) shall be written in the Constitution, which the request to the Lateran Pactos shall be re-affirmed in 1984 with a new agreement, in which the establishment of the Church shall be laid down through a pro-portional fee of the eight per thousand of the IRPEF, which shall be joined by other finances to the Catholic Church in Italy.
Several other Christian confessions (particularly Orthodox and Protestants, this last part of the Protestants), Jews, Mormons and Jehovah testimonials, are present among minority religions.
Immigration contributes to feeding some of the religious minority of the land, the most numerous are Orthodox, Buddhist and Hindu Muslims.
XYZ Linguas
24 ENDOFPAGE
The Italian is the official language and the most widely spoken; it is also one of the official language of the European Union.
It belongs to the East Romanic languages of the family of Indo-European languages, and is derived from the Florentino of the thirteenth century, the language of the worship of all Italian thanks to the Tuscan scriptors such as Dante, Boccaccio and Petrarca.
XYZ Parasitism
Parasitism is a form of unilateral symbosis.
Living host parasites.
He can, or he can't miss the host.
Parasitods by the other side, sape kills his hosts.
Parasitic affinity is the opposite of mutual affinity .
Human parasitic examples include taenas and bloodstains.
On a global basis, the cause of great magic is a disease, a parasitism, which is an organism that is obtained by the newborns from a living host where he lives.
XYZ Soja
Soya, ([sofa]; scientific name (Glycine max_), is a legume of the family of the readish, (fabnf, affine to the fabes, for the most part grown for its oily grains which may be the main food oil consumed in the world.)
25 ENDOFPAGE
The term also designates its grains, which constitutes a richer natural food.
It contains a large amount of protein, carbohydrate, lipbed, A and B, potassium, calcium, magnesium, zinc and iron.
XYZ Etymologia
The word _soja_ is derived from the Japanese word, _shoyu_.
XYZ Panama Channel
The Panama Canal is an 82-kilomethrean naval channel in Panama that connects the Atlantic Ocean (via the Caribbean Sea) to the Pacific Ocean.
The dry channel across Panama Isthmo and is an important unit for international maritime trading.
A journey to the canal, which began in 1880, was completed in 1914.
The canal removed the need for vessels to sail the long road of Cape Horn, around the southernmost end of South America, and to wreck the dangerous waters of the Stricts of Magellan.
One of the largest and most difficult projects of engineering already undertaken, the direct path of the Panama Canal may have made it possible for ships to go between the Atlantic and Pacific Oceans in the previous time.
26 ENDOFPAGE
On the west coast of the United States and on nations in the first century, the Pacific Ocean allowed the places to become more integrated with the economy.
XYZ Sandinista Front of National Liberation
The Sandinista Front of National Libration (Spanish: _Frente Sandinista de Liberación Nacional_) is a political party in Nicaragua founded on generally socialist principles.
It has led to a popular revolution that subverted Somoza's political dynasty in 1979.
After their capture of the power, the Sandinistas reigned Nicaragua for about 12 years between 1979 and 1990, stable, among other comprehensive reform, democratic elections and a national constitution.
Their organization is generally referred to by FSLN initials and their members are called Sandinistas.
The opposition to the Somoza government was inspired by what they called as the struggle of the anti-imperialist of Augusto C Sandino during the year of 1930, twelve years before the Nicaraguan Revolution.
Though the struggle of Sandino was against the United States, he was not a Marxist.
Today the FSLN remains one of the two main parties of Nicaragua, representing about 40% or more of the Nicaraguan electorate.
27 ENDOFPAGE
FSLN is often in opposition to the Liberal Constitution Party, or PLC, which represents a similar (possibly a few larger) portion of the Nicaraguan population.
Despite the fact that FSLN is no longer the governing party in Nicaragua, its revolution affected many aspects of the Nicaraguan society and its inheritance has left a permanent impression in the land.
In the November 2006 election, Daniel Ortega of the FSLN has become the President of Nicaragua again.
XYZ Prosopagnosia
Prosopanosy, sometimes called face blindness, is a condition in which a person cannot recognize face.
Typically it is caused by a damage to the brain's temporary lobo or a childhood defect (appelled as a congenital prosopanosis).
Persons with the congenital type never develop the ability to recognize facts.
Persons with common prosopalogy use other physical characteristics to recognize other people, such as their way to ambulate or speak, the color of their cap, their heights and their bodies, etc.
Prosopanosia is not healable or treatable.
Persons with congenital diagnosis include Dr.
Oliver Sacks and Judith Malina.
28 ENDOFPAGE
XYZ Cause
Prosopanosia may be caused by injuries in the bottom of the brain.
It can be caused either by a damage to the nerves in the lower part of the brain (acquired prosopanosia) or by natal defects, carbon monoxide toxicity, encephalitis, Parkinson's Maladia, or Alzheimer's Morbo.
Medics can scrutinize their patients for pro-sopagnos for the use of a positive omission tomography and fMRI to test whether the brain reigns when a patient sees the faces.
XYZ Tests of Jehovah
The Tests of Jehovah (s) [tés de je -ho -va] is a religious group of millenaristic ideology of Christian roots - Adventists.
They were also known as Bible Students (Bible Students).
XYZ Exegese
The Tests of Jehovah began their modern history in 1875 with the founding of Charles Taze Russell, in Pittsburgh, Pennsylvania, of the Treaty Society of the Tower of Guard (Watch Tower Treatise Society (Zion's), in 1884 and later in 1886 (Bible).
Today the Watchtower Society is known as the Watchtower Society of the Bible and Treaties, which is also known as the Bible and the Society.
29 ENDOFPAGE
In the beginning, the believers were known as Studiants of the Bible, but in 1931 during the second president of the Watchtower Society, Joseph Rutherford, they assumed the present name of Jehovah's (Jehovah's Witnesses), inspired by Isaiah 43:10 -12 to give glory to God's name in the Bible, Jehovah, and to identify himself as a man who is a witness to the name of his sovereignty and his kingdom.
From his small days the organisation has grown to millions of Téstes, who are able to preach the good news of the kingdom of God in more than 240 countries.
The one-source of his credentials and conduct is the Bible, they usually use the translation of the New World, (1950-1961, English and later translated into other languages).
The publication of the Watch Tower Society (from Russell in advance) is considered to be a guide to the correct understanding of the Bible, but not inadvertently, in various occasions it was necessary to change the points of view of the most detailed study of the Bible.
They believe in the One God, Jehovah, but they do not believe that the One that God is not in the Bible, because the Bible is according to him, Jesus Christ is the first angelic creature to be created by God, above the other, and with his cooperation God created all the other things; and in more the Bible he taught that the Holy Spirit is the divine active force.
Their faith in the Bible and not in the teachings of men that are different from those of Christians, with trinitarian credentials. (e.g.
Catholicism, etc.)
30 ENDOFPAGE
They also believe that the demon fights against the kingdom of God directly, and also through the land statutes he can control (Mattheo 4:9): trade, politics (the States, UN) and religion (unspecified, churches that are defined by Christianity, the most prominent among them by Catholic Church).
They consider that we are alive in the last days, and therefore they are focusing their lives on the divine appropriation, which is to be shown by their work of preaching.
Therefore the centuries-old instruction and success in this system is considered to be important secondary.
Until it was time for them to advise only the necessary studies to find a job that would allow them to stay with which not many decided to pursue the university studies.
Today, the day gave the growing requirements of the workplace to find employment, which considers that the construction may be necessary, and so more members choose to follow a street.
The disciples of this faith have the duty to testify in all the world, the existence of Jehovah God, and to know what his will is for human beings and the earth, to reveal the faults of false religion, and to live a moral life.
31 ENDOFPAGE
His teaching proclaims the return of Christ in 1914 with the purpose of admonishing the government of the earth, which is attended by 14. They also believe that, as the signs of the times indicate, hate, war, hunger, infirmity, natural disasters, the battle of (Harmadon is abject) and will stand before the Millennio (the kingdom of Christ), the time of the end of the earth for the Tests of Jehovah, and for many other people who are left to stand for God.
This period shall come between the last trial and the final judgment, the kingdom of God will come to pass, and the righteous will live forever in the heavens with Christ, and those who will refuse to accept the commandments of God, will die at all. They will refuse the existence of a hell of torment, but the punishment of sin is the eternal death, the non-existence.
This is, therefore, a non-symbolic interpretation of the theme book of the Apostle (from Greek Revelation).
The dissemination of this doctrine is mainly made by faithful couplets, friendly conversations and house visits, orally or by means of brochures and books; the most interested auditors are invited to attend to the meetings of Bible study and its publications.
On the plus 8.6 million Jehovah's Tests (c. 683 117, 2019 estimate), all countries, in which their main periodicals are published, the Tower of Warehouse, and the United Nations.
32 ENDOFPAGE
The Watchtower Society, a legal entity which they use as a publishing company, is considered by some to be the greatest of the world.
Many Jehovah Tests were murdered by the Nazis before and during World War II.
Without respecting this tragedy, sadly, the witnesses have sought to show that at first they helped the National Socialist Party (NAZI), to settle in the power of their criticism of the Hebrew religion and the traditional (Catholic and Protestant) religion.
This argument shall prevent the fact that the witnesses have always been neutral in politics, and they were only critical from the religious price (for their abandonment of the values and belief of nominal Christianity, and for their refuse to idolize Christ), but not as social groups.
XYZ Jehovah Test Congregations
Most of the congregations of the Tests of Jehovah meet three times a week.
You are invited to attend the meeting. You are invited to serve together.
The Bible is the basis of the teaching presented.
Meetings begin and are ended by precariousness.
In almost all the gatherings are sung of all the spiritual charms,
(Ephesians 5:18, 19.) The entrance is free, there are no collects.
33 ENDOFPAGE
Matteo 10:8.
Most congregations have their gatherings in a Kingdom Hall, which is by general a simple structure built by volunteer Tests.
You won't see images, crucifixes or similar things in the Kingdom Hall.
Expensations are paid thanks to the volunteer offerings.
For who wants to make an offer, there's a box for contribution.
2 Corinthians 9:7.
In each congregation there are elders, or survivors.
They take the directive in the training of the congregation.
(Timotheo 3:1 - 7; 5:17).
They receive the help of the Ministerial servants.
These men are not raised on the rest of the congregation.
They don't wear a special title (Mattheo 23:8 -10).
They don't get dressed in different ways from the others.
They don't get a salary for their work.
34 ENDOFPAGE
The elders are gratuitously concerned with the spiritual needs of the congregation.
They may offer advice and advice at times of difficulty.
James 5:14 - 16; 1 Peter 5:2, 3.
Jehovah's Tests also organises large assemblages every year.
Many congregations are gathered together in these occasions for a special program of double construction.
The baptism of the new disciples is part of the programme of every meeting.
Matteo 3:13 - 17; 28:19, 20.
The world seat of the Jehovah Tests is in New York.
It is found by the Governing Body, a group of elders with a lot of experience leading the world congregation.
The Tests shall be made up of more than 100 countries, the volunteers who serve in the proceedings to help the first and send out liblic publications.
The work of the preaching work has been organized since.
XYZ File Transfer Protocol
35 ENDOFPAGE
The FTP Protocol (_File Transfer Protocol) is part of the Internet protocols to transfer computer files with very different systems of operations.
Though FTP is directly used by a user at a terminal, it is mainly designated for use by programmes, i.e.
where it normally uses indirect mode.
Many places that run FTP servers allowed to call FTP anonymous.
Usators don't need a account in the server, but they're required to send their e-mail address as a contrasign, even though it's not checked.
XYZ Standard technical
FTP is standardised in RFC 0959 by the IETF as:
FTP is an 8-bit protocol, capable of transferring any type of file without the need for further processing by the means of e.g.
Mime or UUEno.
FTP is normally run at the gate of 21, but for the transfer of individual rows it is automatically introduced to separate connections in a few doors.
XYZ FTP Objectives
36 ENDOFPAGE
Allow row exchange (computing and/or data programmes).
2
To encourage direct or implicit use (via programs) of remote computers.
3
Celeating the user's variations between the immagazination systems of interserver rows.
4
To transfer data dependable and effective.
XYZ FTP Disadvantages
1
Comptrollers and the contents of the rows are sent into pure text, so that it is possible that third games will interrupt it.
2
It is difficult to leak the FTP traffic using a firewall, after the data connections are made through a few doors, causing difficulty in combining the use of FTP with the protection against vandals in the -linea.
3
37 ENDOFPAGE
For the sake of the precedent, FTP has a very high summer; this is, the time between the beginning of the request and the beginning of the reappointment of the requisite data can be laid down long, and a procedure is required at any time.
4
It is possible to instruct a FTP server to send data to a gate of a third computer, causing a risk of safety.
Anonymous XYZ FTP
Anonymous FTP is the oldest and most common method of discussing public files via the Internet.
The term means that they are connected to a FTP (i.e.
the protocol for transferring files with the name of the anonymous user, the gender account for visitors with limited privileges, usually reading/disclosing only.
The majority of web navigators include an anonymous auto-function of FTP, disclosing the files of their address to the URL is starting with the front-of-the-clock.
If the address points to a shirt on the side of a file, the nurse autobuilds a tablet of it.
This will make it possible for the transparent interlinking of FTP with the World Wide Web that almost doesn't see the difference.
38 ENDOFPAGE
Traditional custom is that in terms of the FTP connection, the user can contact the user in the event of the problem.
But it's already common with the internet trade, with the use of web navigators like FTP clients who are giving only some gender code, and with the growth of the spam that will make people suspicious as to the spread of their addresses and -mails.
However, a few conservative FTP sites are still blocking today the connections of users who don't give an address of e-mail with valid synonyms as a contrasign.
XYZ Landsmål
Landsmål is a Norwegian literary language, based on the north old and Norwegian dialects (free from Danish influence) built by linguist Ivar Aasen and promoted by poet and linguist Arne Evenson Garborg (Time, 1851 -1924), in his book of the New Norwegian Language and the National Movement (1887).
Under the pressure of this language of the land (Landsmål) the Norwegian aristocratic language Riksmål (much influential by Danish) developed because of various developments (in 1907, 1917, and 1938).
In time, the name of the two languages was changed, the Riksmål became the Bokål (the name of a book), spoken in greater numbers to the highest level of Norway) and the Nynorsk-Neonorvegian, spoken of in greater numbers in the west of Norway.
39 ENDOFPAGE
The changes and modernisation continue on with languages today, but the two are taught to the Norwegian schools.
XYZ Tea
The last of the Chinese, said in the dialect of Mandarin, as if it were like (pinn; in the dialect, it was like thee, it was an infusion of folios into warm water, which tasted like steel.
After the water, the tea is the most frequent drinks in the world.
It is prepared in more forms (hot or cold, with or without sugar or milk) and is grown by several methods.
Almost all human cultures have some version of it.
XYZ Plants
Thee is prepared with the leaves of many plants, but the most popular is the tea of the non-complacency.
From this plant is the green, the black, the white, and the oolong.
There are many other types, like the red made of robes, or the grass, a term for the infusing of different types of plant.
XYZ Affiliated Vocabulary
a sack of tea, a sheet of thee, a thread of thee, a chest of thee, a chest of thee, a teaser,
40 ENDOFPAGE
XYZ Minnesota
Minnesota is a state in the middle of the United States.
It is the state of twelve in the end of the grain, and there are five million of people in it.
Almost 60 percent of the total population of Minnesota lives in the Queenites of Minneapolis and St. Paul in the South East.
The rest of the state is, in large part, rural, you consist of meadows and deciduous and bored forests.
The state is called the State of the Tenth Mill Lakes, which is 11,842 lakes which are larger than ten acres.
The natural beauty of the state attracts 12 million tourists every year.
Politically, Minnesota is renowned for its modical/progressive policy and civic environment.
According to the census, Minnesota is one of the healthiest and most educated States.
XYZ Provenience of the name of the state
The name (Minnesota) originates from the word dakote (mnisota) which originally applies to the river of Minnesota.
41 ENDOFPAGE
The names of many cities in Minnesota shall begin with the root, including Minnehaha Falls (cascade), Minneiska (white water), Minnetonka (large water), Minnetrist (strave water), and Minneapolis, a combination of (mni), and the cities), the Greek word for the city.
XYZ Geographìa
At the exclusion of Alaska, Minnesota is the northernmost state of S.U.A; indeed, it is the only region of the adjoining United States to be on the north side of the 49th parallel.
In the region of the Midwest Supere, it is confined with Michigan, with whom it owns a border on a common border.
States of Wisconsin, Iowa, North Dakota and South Dakota are about it.
XYZ Politica
The state is known for its socio-democratic policy.
A demonstration in the presidential elections, the people of Minnesota have not voted for a Republican presidential candidate since Richard Nixon in 1972.
In recent years, the Republican party has recovered; since 2003, the governor and his lieutenant is a liberal republican.
However, in the 2006 election, it seemed as if the Republican election regained after the Democrats won all state office except the local governor and governor.
42 ENDOFPAGE
XYZ Hajar Al-Aswad
The black stone is a famous object in the north-east corner of the Kaaba, which are mossed by the pilgrims around me and (if they can) kiss.
It is an irregular oval aerolith, with about 17cm of largor, and surrounded by gold.
On the other hand, the Moslem mythology, when Abraham wanted to build the Kaaba, the stones came spontaneously, and he asked that they had faith in this stone.
It was pre-Moslem, more than four centuries before Mahomet, Hajar al-Aswad was referred to as the object of worship by Maximo Tyrio in the century II.
The legendary Persian says it was an emblem of Saturn.
According to Ibn Abbas, Mahomet said that when it came from paradise, it was whiter than milk, and it was black for the sins of the million people who kissed it.
On the Day of Resurrection (a certain allegory tradition), it will have eyes, to acknowledge the people who kissed it, and a language, to the end that they can report to God on their sincerity.
XYZ Lingua Venetian
The Venetian or Venetian language is a Romanian language spoken by about five million people, mostly in the Veneto region, Italy.
43 ENDOFPAGE
s] (1400 - ca.1600)
The language is called _Veneto_ in Venetiano, _Veneto_ in Italian.
The variant referred to in Venice is called _Venezsian/Venesian_ or _Veneziano_, respectfully.
Though it is commonly referred to as an Italian dialect (_day, daily_), even by its speakers, it shows a remarkable structural difference with the Italian.
It belongs to the northern Italian group in front of the Romanian languages.
In 2007 -03-28, the Regional Council of Veneto recognized the existence of the Venetian language (Venetian Language) with the appropriation of the law overlaid and valuable della lingua e della cultura veneta.
Venetiano must not be confounded with the neighbouring language (Venetic in English), a South European language apparently unconnected and extinct spoken in the Veneto region, about the 6th century.
XYZ Renascentia
Renascentia or renaissance. [r]..s.
It was a period of artistic and cultural renovation of the history of Europe between the Middle and the Modern State.
This period, which begins more or less between the fifteenth century and the middle of the 16th century finds a new ideal of life and a renovation in humanistic studies.
44 ENDOFPAGE
The classical art and classical architecture are used like idols in the Renascentia, but the antiquity is interpreted in a simple new form with calmness and dignity, so that the spectator will experience the works by his feelings.
There are attempts to present details and space with perspective, and it experiences light and shadow.
The artists of the Renascentia understand Leonardo da Vinci (1452 - 1519), especially his Mona Lisa, Raphael (1483-1520) and Michelangelo (1475 -1564) with his statue of David in Firenze and the Basilica of Sancte Petro in Rome.
It includes a Galilee and Tyco Brae a' important figure of Renascentia.
The main centre of this movement was the city of Florentia in Italy.
The discovery of Greek and Latin texts of the Byzantine Empire, kept in the monastery, contributed to a chain of studies and inventions.
A few locks this period to May 6, 1527, when Rome was invaded by Spanish and German armies of Emperor Carola Quinte.
In the history of music, however, the end of the Renascentia is between 1600 and 1620.
XYZ The origin of the word
45 ENDOFPAGE
The first to speak of the renascentia was the pictor and architect Giorgio Vasari in his tracta (Vita de'píu'eccellénti arcitetti, pittori et scultori italiani..to speak of the movement that began with Giotto di Bodone and Masaccio and cul Donatello, accuminated the Greek -byzantine style, to reach Michelangelo to go over the masters of the antiquity.
But the paternity of the word is from the French historian Jules Michelet who uses it in 1855 to indicate the discovery of the world and of man in the 16th century.
This statement was extended by the Swedish-born historian Burkhardt, who speaks of the Renascentia as the historical period where mankind and modern consciousness see the light, after the dark period of the Media.
XYZ Differences with the Medievo
Renascentia has great changes in politics, in the economy and also in religion:
In politics, in the eastern part, it always makes the greatest expansion of the Ottoman Empire.
After the failure of the city of Constantinopole, there will be a great expansion to reach Hungaria, reaching the end of Austria, and entering the Friulian.
The western part is characterized by the birth of the modern states, the national monarchies of France and Spain and the empire of the fifth century.
The difference with the monarchies of the average is in the power plant.
46 ENDOFPAGE
In economics with America's discovery, colonial expansions begin.
The big changes are coming in Europe too.
The discovery of the new world brings the economy from the Mediterranean region of North America.
The middleman's Typical economy will leave the post to the boat with the ships.
Protestant reform arrives in the religion.
XYZ Megatokyo
Megatokyo is a comic in line designated by Fred Gallagher (all known as Piro),
Fred takes care of the designs, the stage, and the confection of the sitter.
Rodney Caston (known as Largo) helped with the first year of the story, plus or minus, but now it's a charge of Fred's.
Fred was separated from his daily work at the end of the year of 2002, and was now doing the story in full time.
Megatokyo follows the adventures of two Americans, Piro and Largo, fans of computers and video games, who travel to Japan.
A great part of the humor is based on the culture of video games and informatics.
47 ENDOFPAGE
All the bands are available for free at the Megatokyo.com.
I.C.
Entertainment (previously IronCat Studios) published the volume 1 of Megatokyo in print format, containing the chapters 0 and 1 of the story.
The publication of the next few volumes, as well as the revision of volume 1, is now assigned to Dark Horse Comics.
XYZ Personages
Note that Japanese personage names follow the Japanese convention, named after the first name of the family.
- Piro - a fanatical American for sleeves (especially shoujo), who knows how to speak Japanese.
He prefers games of the type _simulation of romance, but he is inadvertent with women in real life.
He's an excellent designator, but his low self-esteemed impediment to believe in it.
Piro is Fred Gallagher's incarnation in the story.
Largo - a fanatical American for computer games and beer.
He prefers to play the first-person, and does not quite recognize the distinction between fiction and reality (or, on the other hand, he can see what is not really real?).
48 ENDOFPAGE
Largo is the incarnation of Rodney Caston in the story.
Tubasa - Japanese friend of Piro.
He houses Piro and Largo after they taste their money in Japan.
One day he will go to the United States and leave Ping-chan with Piro and Largo.
Ed--Employee of Sega, it's paradoxically Dom's best friend and rival.
The best friend and a rival of Ed are paradoxically named the Sony Employee.
It's the incarnation, in Sunday Nguyen's storytelling, that it's so extraordinary that Fred isn't available.
Sonoda Yuki - Japanese scholar of the secondary school, daughter of the chief of the police of Tokio.
She admires the artistic talent of Piro.
Hayasaka Erika - Japanese young woman, a friend of Kimiko's room.
She's sure enough for herself, and she's violent to the insolent people.
Erika works in a video game store called the MegaGamers.
49 ENDOFPAGE
Nanasawa Kimiko - Japanese young woman, a friend of Erika's room.
Work as a server at a restaurant (Anna Miller's_) and are an applicant for {Accidental voice_: a person who does the voice of soul/video games}.
Like Piro, she has low self-esteem.
Ping-chan - Puera-robot, a prototyp of accessory for the PS2 designated to be used with type _commulants of romance.
The EDS (_Emotional Doll System) system of Sony allows her to absorb personality treatments of female personages with which the player is involved in the games.
Tsubasa got a prototype because he invested in the project.
After going to the United States, Ping-chan stays with Piro and Largo.
Tohya Miho, a young, mysterious woman with gothic air, work in the discostec, cassock of evil, specialised in wreaths.
Largo thinks she's in the command of a bunch of zombies.
Seraphim - An angel, in the role of conscience of Piro.
Seraphim is the incarnation, in the storytelling of Fred's fidante, Sarah.
50 ENDOFPAGE
Boo - A hamster tied with wings tied with a strap assigned to Largo's role of conscience, an almost impossible burden in which he is fully incompetent.
A reference to the Boo personage of the game of Baldur's Gate, the multiplying Spanish in miniature, from Minsc.
Assemblies - A small diabolet assigned to tempt Piro to commit mistakes of conduct, as if he were involuting with girls with an age of secondary school students.
His partenary is a winged cat called Belphegor.
- Junpei - Ninja that is won over by Largo in Mortal Kombat and will later become his apprentice in the secrets of the L33t_.
XYZ Groups and Lower Personages
A division of the police force of Tokio forced to survive (and even organise!) the action of monsters and other destructive elements in the city.
Yuki's father, Sonoda Masamichi, is a frequent member found in the megatokyo's pages.
Rent,a,Zilla,a sorta from Gozilla to place, grazed by Junpei when necessary.
You'll see them (or imagine) in all places.
John Romero - One time he was a big game player, just like Doom and Quake.
51 ENDOFPAGE
He founded the game show Ion Storm, a famous game for making Daikatana (a game that was notable after a large advertising allowance), after which he was soon resigned.
Now he's without money and without employment.
The type l33t - A computer and video game fan who speaks exclusive in leetspeak_.
He suffers a chest of pain in the same plane in which Piro and Largo travel to Japan, and Largo serves as an interpreter between him and the hostess.
Though he uses an Arctic language, his words are translated into a cultured language in legends.
Asako and Mami - Japanese high schoolsters and Yuki's friends.
They think she's in love with Piro, and they can be right.
XYZ is the source of the name
In the Japanese animation, the Tokio of the future is often referred to as Megatokyo o (Neo-Tokyo)
In many of these stories, the city was destroyed by a natural disaster or a nuclear disaster, but it was more and better than ever.
See for example films like Bubblegum Crisis, AD Police, and Akira.
52 ENDOFPAGE
The name was attributed to the story only because it was the name of a rule that Largo had available to him.
On the other hand, Largo originally settled the chair like a new song, but it had no success, and at the end it was replaced by the story.
XYZ The Initial Basic Scenery
Piro and Largo start the story by intending to enter the Electronic Entertainment Expo (E3).
The entrance is not allowed because the E3 is open only on the means of communication.
Largo gets angry, drunk and provokes a scandal.
Piro decides to come out of the land for a few times and brings Largo (unconscious) with him.
In Japan they buy all kinds of games and electronic apparitions.
At the airport, they discover that the limit of their credit cards have been exceeded.
Now they're locked in Japan.
XYZ Kalmar
Kalmar is a town situated in the province of Småland in the south-east of Sweden.
53 ENDOFPAGE
Småland has never been a political province, only geographical.
Since the 17th century Småland consists of three provinces of which the Province of Kalmar is one.
Others are the Province of Jönköping and the Province of Kronoberg (with Växjö as the city of the capital city).
The Kalmar city is the chief city of the Kalmar City and is the capital city of the Kalmar Province.
In 2005 the city had 31,000 inhabitants and all the common 65,000 inhabitants.
It is number 35 in the great of the Swedish cities and the third city of the largest city of Småland after Jönköping and Växjö.
Kalmar belongs to the diocese Växjö, but during the period 1602-1915 Kalmar was a diocese.
XYZ History
Kalmar is one of the oldest cities of Sweden, and because of this he can display several historic memorials.
The history of the city is connected with the Kalmar Union (1397–2), King Gustav Vasa and the rebel (against Gustav Vasa) Nils Dacke.
Kalmar's union was founded in Kalmar in 1397 and Sweden left it in 1523.
54 ENDOFPAGE
This union included Svedia, Danmark, Norvegia, and some of the islands of Shetland and the Orkney.
During the midday the city was a strong border of Danmark, the Great Snow of Sweden, an important port, a centre of trade and one of the greatest cities of the kingdom.
Many combats concerning Sweden's rule were fought in the neighborhood of Kalmar.
After the treaty of peace in Roskilde, 1658, the importance of the city resigned until the beginning of the industrialisation in the 19th century.
Kalmar has many beautiful buildings, e.g.
the cathedral.
In this city is the Muse of the Kalmar Province where there is i.a.
permanent exhibitions of the Royal Kronan and the popular artist Jenny Nyström (1854 -1946).
She is.a.
he has illustrated many books, but his reputation may depend on the most of the many Christmas postcards that are loved today by many Swedes.
No doubt she has created the most common interpretation of Patre Natal's appearance among the Swedes,
55 ENDOFPAGE
XYZ The city
The central parts of the city are situated on the Kvarnholmen island.
There is i.a.
the Muse of the Province, the City Dom and the other common institutions.
Kvarnholmen has the most historical -cultural objects of all Swedish quartos.
On Kvarnholmen is the old water tower and around the island are many parts of the circular wall.
North-west of Kvarnholmen is the part of the city of Malmen.
There are several other institutions in Malmen,
Komvux (communal school for adult education), the first instant court and the main part of the campus (the area of a senior school or university) of the Upper Kalmar.
The Communal Library and Prison are also found in Malmen.
XYZ Culture and attractions
For many years, Kalmar has been a resident city and diocesan and has also also been a border town.
During the midday, Kalmar was one of a few cities in Sweden that were surrounded by a circling wall, and there are still a few still in the old city.
56 ENDOFPAGE
In Kvarnholmen, a few parts of the wall of the city and fortifications are preserved.
The city was saving the situation well during the restoration resulting in the removal of many other hundreds of cities during the 1960s and 1970s.
The important historic areas of Kvarnholmen and the ancient city of Kalmar Castle were well-preserved, but large parts of Malmen, which were built during the last time of the 19th century, were demolished to create space for new buildings for the provincial government.
Modern attractions belong to the Öland Bridge.
Öland is the second great island of Sweden, as the greatest, Gotland, is in the Baltic Sea.
The construction began in 1967 and the opening happened in 1972.
It is more than 40 metres high and is visible in large parts of the city.
With its long, 6,072 metres, for several years it was the longest bridge in Europe.
XYZ Municipal Park of Kalmar
This park is located on the bed at Kalmar Castle.
It was founded in 1887 - 1880 and the land was given by the grossist Johan Jeansson.
57 ENDOFPAGE
In the same time it was built by a villa and it was by the popular humor called out.
It was demolished in 1939 and a restaurant was built there.
The famous architect Sven Ivar Lind designated it and also designated the Swedish homeland of the World Exhibition of Paris 1937 and the Football State of Råsunda in Solna (Suburbium of Stockholm).
In 2008 the Kalmar Museum of Art was built in the same park, but many inhabitants of the city disapproved of it.
XYZ Other attractions
- Medieval Shadow Salve
Old tower of Kalmar water,
Kalmar Art Museum
Upper XYZ Schola
The upper Schola of Kalmar has the rank of the university in the natural science branch and has the right to proclaim the purchase of a doctoral exam in natural science.
Important research fields are aquatic ecology, biochemy, biomedical science, bioorganic chimia, nanoscience/nanotechnics and environmental science.
One of two upper Scholas of navigation in Sweden belongs to the upper Schola of Kalmar.
58 ENDOFPAGE
XYZ The College for Adults of Högalid
The College for adults of Högalid (school for adults) in the neighborhood of Kalmar was the venue for the intensive races of Interlingua and the 12 incontre Nordic de Interlingua merciridi on 28 June 2010.
The event was in this pleasant environment (see photo).
XYZ Industria
Kalmar's industry has reproachfully had a fatal luck and a lot of great industry is now closed.
Volvo Kalmarverken existed during the years of 1974 -1994.
A chocolate factory with the following succeeding names: Röda Ugglan, Candelia, Cloetta and Nordchoklad during 1909 -1998.
Kalmar verkstad (Mechanical industry of Kalmar) which was produced by ABB, Adtranz and Bombardier produced trains during 1909 -2005.
Kalmar Varv (Kalmar Naval Site) for 1679 -1981.
During the year of 2007, the plans for a large trade centre for the grossists began, China Europe Business and Exhibition Center but it is not yet ready for the global financial cruise.
XYZ Virus
59 ENDOFPAGE
A virus is a submicroscopic agent that infects humans, animals, plants and bacteria, and is unable to recover from the fabric of the planet.
XYZ Consistency
A fully developed virus consists of nucleic acid (DNA/DNA or RNA/RNA), circumferred from a protein and lipped tease.
The nucleic acid of the virus interferes with the cell mechanisms of the planet to overlay the nucleic acid, and modifies the cell to produce the viral nucleic acid.
XYZ Typos
Phytoviruses are spread by insects and by nematotes.
Zoo-viruses are spread by direct contact, by respiratory transmission, by insects and by the communication of body fluids.
XYZ Morbos
Viruses causes many blackberries like mosaicism in many plants grown, myxomaths, epizootic aphtha, rheumas, influence, morbils and polytomyelitis.
XYZ Vide etimam
Violence,
Virology
60 ENDOFPAGE
Enterovirus
Epidemacy
XYZ Connective Texito
Connective jest is one of a quarter types, which support and sorcer and support and connect various members and texites and organs of body.
Connective jest is animal weaning.
Other types, which hold texitos are epithelium and musk and nervos.
XYZ Awareness
Consciousness is the quality or state of conscience, or, of being aware of the external object or something in itself.
It is defined as: sentience, knowledge, subjectivity, the ability to experience or feel, state of conscience, have a sense of individuality, and the ability to control the mind.
Despite the difficulty in the definition, many philosophes believe that there is a basic intention to implement shared re-consciousness.
The philosophes of the west from the time of the Descartes, and at the end of the day, he has struggled to understand the nature of the conscience and to specify its essential properties.
61 ENDOFPAGE
The questions of interest in the philosophy of conscience include whether or not the concept of it is fundamentally consistent; whether the conscience may be explained, whether there is a non-human conscience, whether it exists, whether it may be understood by a way that cannot be recognized; whether it may be recognized; how knowledge is associated with linguistic knowledge; whether it may be understood by computers such as computers or bodies that are not aware of, whether it may be developed in the field of artificial intelligence or mental property.
There are deep doubts about what is exactly aware of.
For example, in the field of artificial intelligence, he has worked on implementing the subject of creating machines or software that are very complex to generate consciousness.
The possibility of an algorithmic nucleus as a computer's ability to generate any genuinely indistinct knowledge can be denied.
The test of Turing provided in 1950 abhors this problem.
Since the news in 2015, no programmer has successfully reached this test.
The only exception was a baptismal bottle of conversation, as Eugene Goostman, who in 2014 was able to give a large portion of a juror of men who were used for this test.
62 ENDOFPAGE
Consciousness in psychiatrics may also be defined as the non-abstract cognitive state that allows for interaction, interpretation and association with external, reality-denomined stimuli.
Consciousness requires of the use of the meanings as a means of connectivity between external and their associations.
The grown-ups have a sense of knowledge and an abstract conscience, and also the abstract thought will be presented in other animal species, until a point that must still be cleared.
XYZ Don Quixote of La Mancha
When Don Quixote de La Mancha _ ([ðon.ki.ki.χote.ðe.la.mant (a]; at that traduct as _Dom Quichotte de Le Mancha _, pron.
Approximately: /d.kist/, de.le-man, or /don.kwi-kote.de.le-manka/; Spanish: Don Quixote de la Mancha's native Don Quixote; saepe note simply com: _The Don Quixote_) is a Spanish literary opera written by Miguel de Cervantes.
It's the most translated book from the Bible.
The book was published in two parts, the first in 1605 and the second in 1615.
In interlingua, there is a partial translation by Lorenzo García de la Barrera Mora, Novus,
63 ENDOFPAGE
The romance begins with the description of a pauper hidalgo from an undetermined place of La Mancha in the south of Spain, which is afflicted with the reading of cavalry books and is believed to be a wandering horse from the middle.
XYZ Thomas Jefferson
Thomas Jefferson (Shadwell, Virginia, British America on April 13, 1743 - Charlottesville, Virginia, SUA on the 4th June 1826) was one of the Founding Fathers of the United States and the third president of the United States of America.
Jefferson was the lead author of the Declaration of Independence of the United States.
During the American Revolution, he represented Virginia at the Continental Congress, served as the Governor of Virginia, and then as the Minister of the United States in France.
Under George Washington, he was the first Secretary of State of the United States, and under John Adams, the second Vice-President.
In the election of 1800, he dismissed John Adams and became chairman of March 4, 1801.
Jefferson promoted expansion to the west by the Louisiana_Acquisition: the United States acquired all the territory owned by France in North America (over 2 000 000 miles) at the cost of $15,000, duplanting the territory of the United States.
In the election of 1804 he was decisively re-elected.
64 ENDOFPAGE
In 1807 Jefferson signed a law forbidding the import of slaves.
This law affected only the international trade; it did not prevent the domestic trade.
Jefferson owned more than 600 people in bondage.
Controversy surrounds his relationship with one of them, Sally Heming: there are strong indications that he was the father of his children.
During a great portion of his life, Jefferson was in the process of planting and constructing, as an architect, his chief residence, Monticello, a palatial house in the neoclassic style.
He founded the University of Virginia in 1819 and planted his original architecture.
Monticello and the University together constitutes a UNESCO World Heritage Site.
XYZ Rete personal
A personal area ratio (PAN, _personal area network_) is a computer fee for communication between computer devices (included telephones and digital personal assistants for a single person.
Disposals do not need to be the property of the person in question.
The scope of a PAN is typically limited to a few meters.
65 ENDOFPAGE
The PAN remit may be used for communication between the personal disposals (intra-personal communication), or for connecting to higher level and internet (a_uplink_).
The nets can be connected by metallic threads with data buses such as USB and FireWire.
A retrenchment of a personal area with none of the rays (creative networks, WPAN) is possible with technology like IrDA and BlueTooth.
XYZ System International Unit System
The International System of Units, sheltered SI, is the most widely used unit system.
So together with the old system of CGS (centimer, gramma, second), the SIS is also known as the Metric System, especially in the nations in which its everyday use is not yet accepted.
This system can be used in all areas of the world (including the United States), and in many countries its use is mandatory.
The countries in which there is still official recognition of non-SI units (e.g.
United States, United Kingdom) shall define them in terms of the SI.
The SI was adopted by the ten - the first General Conference of Weights and Measures (CGPM) in 1960.
66 ENDOFPAGE
(See weights and measures for history of measurement units).
SI is based on seven base units, like e.g.
the kilogramma and the subway, which are used to define different derived units.
Some derivative examples are the square subway (m2) as a surface unit and the kilogram by cubic metro (kg/m3) as a unit of density.
The SI defines a few categories, which can be combined with the names of the units to give multiplies and submultices.
For example, the _kilo-_ prefix denots a thousand (x-1000); so a mile consists of a thousand yards, a kilogram consisting of a thousand grams, and cetera.
Unit symbols are written in minuscules except for the symbols derived from person names.
This means that the symbol of SI for the pressure unit is Pa, while the other unit is written pascal.
It must also be noticed that there are no plurals for the symbols (which are written for about two pounds) and not two pounds.
XYZ Graham Ovenden
Graham Stuart Ovenden (born 11 February 1943 in New Alresford, Hampshire) is a British painter, artistic photograph, writer and architect.
67 ENDOFPAGE
Her ex is the artist Annie Ovenden.
His father, Emily, is a writer and singer of the music group Mediæval Bæbes.
Some of Ovenden's works have been researched as possible child porn by American and British authorities in many occasions.
In 2009, he was prosecuted in the United Kingdom under the charge of creating indecent images.
The first jurors acquitted him and a second trial failed when the heads of the charge did not appear in the court.
During these investigations, Ovenden's work received the support of eminent figures in the artistic environment.
In April 2013, Ovenden was found to be responsible for six strokes of indecentness with children and a charge of indecent assault against children, with a view to girls who had set their way for him.
After his condemnation, the Tate Gallery removed images from its work from its online gallery, as well as access to its work from its gallery.
XYZ Anna of Great Britannia
Anna of Great Britannia (in English, Anne_, 6 February 1665 - 1 August 1714) was the queen of England, Scotland and Ireland from 1702 until her death.
68 ENDOFPAGE
In 1707, England and Scotland came together to make up the Great Britannia kingdom.
She was the monarchical end of the Stuart Dynasty.
Anna was born during the reign of her uncle Carolo II.
His father was James II, who succeeded Carolo, and his old sister Mary, who was to be a monarch after Jacob's desolation.
Though the Catholicism of his father, Anna and Mary were raised up in England.
The sisters' friend was alienated after 1888.
After the death of Mary, his husband Gulielmo III reigns to his death in 1702 when Anna succeeded him.
Through the union of England and Scotland, Anna's king saw the development of political parties and British participation in the Spanish War of Succession.
Anna strengthened moderate policies of the Tory faith.
Their adversaries of the Whig faith became more powerful during the war, until 1710 when Anna resigned many Whigs.
His intimate friendship with Sarah Churchill, the duchess of Marlborough, was overwhelmed by the political differences and friendship of Anna and Abigail Masham.
69 ENDOFPAGE
Churchill wrote a negative description of the queen in his memories, which was generally believed until late in the 20th century.
Anna had ten-seven pregnancies and five-year-olds who died during the child.
She was not in good health during her reign.
She was succeeded by Georgio of Hannover, because of the law forbidding a Catholic successor.
XYZ Central Park
Central Park is an urban park between the Upper West Side and Upper East Side of Manhattan in New York City.
The park originally opened in 1857, in 778 acres of city land; today it is 843 acres (3.41 km2).
In 1858, Frederick Law Olmsted and Calvert Vaux won an architectural design competition to get the park out of the park with a plan they intended the Greensward Plan.
Construction began on the same year, continued during the State Civil War, and was completed in 1873.
Central Park is the most visited urban park in the United States.
70 ENDOFPAGE
Designated a National Historic Landmark in 1962, the park is currently mandated (under a contract with the government of the city) by the Central Park Conservancy, a non-for-profit organisation which contributes 75% of the annual budget of $79 million, and in 2015 employed 80.7 per cent of Central Park maintenance employees.
XYZ John Dewey
John Dewey (October 20, 1859, Burlington, Vermont - June 1, 1952, New York) was a psychologist, psychologist and stately pedagogue.
It was born in the same year that Darwin published the origin of the species, and the _Critic of the political economy_ was born.
In 1882 he moved to Baltimore and enrolled at Johns Hopkins University.
The Hegelian environment of the university was especially influencing it.
Hegel's mark is reflected in three characteristics that influence mightily: the taste of the logical scheme, the interest of social and psychological questions, and the attribution of a common root to the objective and to the subject, to man and to nature.
In 1884 he earned his Ph.D. for a thesis on Kant.
She married an old student, Alice Chipman, who contributed more than anyone else to interest in Dewey in the educational themes, and worked closely with him.
71 ENDOFPAGE
In 1884 he went to the University of Chicago, there he brothered his definite interest in education.
In 1904 he resigned as the director of the school and resigned from his post as professor.
His latest fate as a professor was the University of Columbia.
At 87 years of age, he joined two children.
The father of progressive psychology died on June 1, 1952, at age 92.
Dewey was a man of action, who aspired to the unification of thought and action, of theory and practice.
It defended the equality of women, including the right to vote.
He was a co-founder of the United Nations for independent political action in 1929, promoting teaching, encouraging the help of exiled intellectuals from totalitarian records.
Dewey had a great influence on the development of pedagogical progress, playing a leading role during the end of 19th at the First World War.
It was the most original, renowned and influential pedagogue of the United States and one of the most insightful and genial educationists of the contemporary epoch in the course of three generations.
XYZ Historical, Philosophical and Pedagogical context of John Dewey and the Progressive Pedagogy
72 ENDOFPAGE
Of the historic point of view, we must wait for the particular moment that the United States lived, it falls to pass:
The mobility of the state borders and the colonisation of new territories.
The ductility and permeability of social organisation.
The flexible social strategy.
The relation of the principles and practices of historical inheritance.
The form of democratic life.
In definition, an open social climate.
In the philosophical ambition, we must consider the pragmatism of Dewey.
XYZ Theoretical Propositions by John Dewey
Of the epistemological point of view, Dewey considers that the accounts in which the credentials are formulated are provisional human constructions.
Dewey criticizes the classic approach on knowledge.
The main concept in relation to the theory of knowledge is experience.
Dewey keeps the person's whole dynamic conceit.
73 ENDOFPAGE
What the person proposes is the rebuild of moral and social practices, and also of the credentials.
Hold a critical position in relation to the industrial society, and a huge distance from the marxism.
Progressive education shall overwhelm us to the traditional education conception.
Dewey rejects a conjunction of pedagogical doctrines of different conflict:
Education like preparation.
Education as a development.
Education like training the faculty.
Education like training.
The school, for Dewey, must be intended as a reconstructation of social order, the educationist is a guide and a learner of the students.
XYZ Methodological Contributions by John Dewey
He intended to form a new pedagogical proposal in opposition to the traditional and ancient school.
I thought the new education had to go over the tradition not only in the basis of the speech, but also in the best practice.
It's bad, if you don't have a Dewey method to apply.
74 ENDOFPAGE
When he's talking about the method, he's doing it at abstract level, he thinks there's no methods, buried and wrapped up.
Dewey appreciates that the education praxis is an intelligent management of the affairs, and thus provides freedom from the educationist in relation to his specific education situation and with the consequences which may be derived from the different courses of action.
Dewey distinguishes between general and other individual methods.
The first prizes intelligent action led by fines, the other part, the individual method refers to the particular situation of education and education.
Dewey's methodological proposal consists of 5 phases:
1
Considering certain current and actual experience of the child.
2
Identifying certain problems or difficulties raised from this experience.
3
Inspectorate of available data, as well as search for travel solutions.
4
75 ENDOFPAGE
Hypothese solution form.
5
Verification of the hypothesis by the action.
Dewey showed an excellent practical sense to plan and develop an integrated curriculum of occupations (functional activities connected by the child), including program development prices in short time cycles.
A careful inspection of methods that have been achieved at formal education will reveal that their effectiveness depends on the fact that they return to the situation that causes reflection outside the college in ordinary life.
To give him something to do, not something to learn; and if to do it is of such a nature as to ask for the thought or knowledge of the conscience of the connexions, the knowledge is a natural result.
XYZ Jejuno de Esther
Esther's jeejun (from Hebrew: היה השר ) is a minor jejun in Jewishism that will take place on the 13th month of meeting, the day before the day before the worst day.
Like the other Jewish jests, it begins in the air and concludes after sundown, when it is pure to begin.
76 ENDOFPAGE
The jejun is to celebrate the salvation of the Jews from an indentured genocide by the persecutive scholar Haman when the queen Esther has revealed to her husband the king of Ahasuerus that she herself was a Jew.
Such a salvation is described in the Book of Esther, a book which is a novel of the man was a Hellenistic and whose events and personages (with the exception of the king, who is a common man identified with Xerxes I or his son Artaxerxes I) are completely fictional.
The Jewish calendar is a lunar calendar that has either 12 lunar months, or 13 months in bisixty years.
On the 12th month of the Jewish year is to be heard, when there are 13 months of age, the 12 shall be called and the 13th shall be called.
In this case, pure, and according to Esther's jeun, is in adar II.
In the years when the 13th meeting in the Jewish Sabbath is Esther's Rejoice is the 11th meeting and not the 13th.
This is why fasting is forbidden during the Sabbath; the jejun is not in 12 in this case because the Sabbath begins a little in front of the sunset, but the jejun does not end until the twilight.
XYZ Desiderio Erasmo
Desiderio Erasmo (28 October 1466 - 12 June 1536), also known as Erasmo of Rotterdam, was a Dutch humanist, Philologo and the Newlander, who was the author of major Latin operations.
77 ENDOFPAGE
XYZ Biography
Erasmus was born on October 28, 1466 in Rotterdam, the bastard son of the priest of Gouda, and his housekeeper Margaretha Rogerius (Rutgers).
After being ordained as a priest, Erasmus studied at the University of Paris, which lived on the Renascent of the culture of Greece and Rome.
It is possible in this age to meet the initios of the humanistic thought of Erasmus who turned to the young man in a free thought and professor of independent ideas.
XYZ Travel in England
Erasmus went to London between 1499 and 1500.
The most important of this journey was the opportunity to listen to John Colet speaking on the life of Sancte Paulo in the Saxon University.
After the exhibition, Erasmus had a discussion with Colet on how to read the Bible of a humanist form.
That would influence his way of thinking.
In 1500, Erasmus wrote his _Adagios_ together with Publio Fausto Andrelini.
He'll work all his life on this job.
That book would be 60 editions, something unbelievable for the age.
78 ENDOFPAGE
XYZ Travel in Italy
Between 1506 and 1509 Erasmus lived in Italy, the most part of the time working in a hurry.
In many cases, he offered many good-paying work, but he said that with what he was in the hurry he was suffering.
From these meetings with universities and with writers who went to the press, Erasmus began to know people who thought of him and who rejected the church's abuse.
Erasmus's fame spread throughout Italy and his ideas on intellectual and religious elevation began to be known and discussed; however, they did not all think of how he and these people began to criticize him in public and in private.
This may be why the writer would leave Italy to go to Basel in Switzerland.
XYZ is fighting against discipline and institutions
It is not known that of the three education institutions in which he was an inmate Erasmus was the cause of the deep rejection that he had all his life against the authority.
As a result of their status in them, Erasmus unveloped a feeling of rejoicing against the Catholic Church and came to the conclusion that the schools, universities and the Catholic Ecclesia did not think freely.
79 ENDOFPAGE
Then he objected to any type of authority and sought more freedom from the scriptures of Greece and Rome, for they had lived in the evo in which Christianity had not won.
At the university, Erasmus saw that in the place of teaching the new ideas, what he taught was the antiquated theories of the first centuries of the Media and that in the place of advancing and further than the rest of the society, it was further backward.
He decided that he could do something to reverse the situation: with the ideas of his friends of the Augustinian monsteries and the other ideas of John Colet, he began to analyse the most important books of the ancient Greek civilizations, and remains modernizing its contents and trying to apply them to the life of the society in which he lived, trying to get the most meaning out of these old, but brilliant texts to which anyone can understand the texts.
He never left to fight against the spiritual care he had observed in all parts, in all the educational, intellectual, political and social institutions of his age.
That would make him a lot of trouble during his career.
XYZ The literary forces
When he was in the city of Basel, he was forced to go out because of the persecution, which he was subjected to, he felt the heat of this country that received him with hospitality and attention, and once more he was surrounded by friends and sequitors who had begun to believe in him and in his ideas.
80 ENDOFPAGE
It was where he started writing.
Before he tried to turn into a maestro of the Latin prose.
It was the clearest language that had ever been made to translate complex ideas and the most useful to transmit its ideas in Europe.
Only after he started writing.
XYZ Colpos v. Ecclesia
Erasmus's polemics against Ecclesia were misinterpreted with frequentness.
Erasmus agreed with the Catholic doctrine and the Church's form of organization.
What bothered him was superstition and ignorance.
He wanted to use his university training and his ability to come up with ideas to clarify Catholic doctrines and make church more freedom of thought.
These two scopes were not shared by the episcopos of the 16th century.
From his work of academics Erasmus believed his obligation to deliver the Church from the paralyse to which he condemned the richness of thought and the institutions of the Middle, while he believed that the Renascentia was a new way of thinking.
The tradition and ideas of the Medievo were not already in the world, and he, the breach of righteousness, had to be able to change the status of things.
81 ENDOFPAGE
XYZ Central operations
In 1503 Erasmus published the first of his most important books; the _annchiridion militis christiani_ (Manual of the Christian Knight).
In this little volume, Erasmus explains the main aspects of Christian life, which would then pass through all his developing and deepening life.
The key to everything is sincerity.
After his time in England, I begin a study of the New Testament to prepare his Latin version.
Published by Johann Froben in Basel in 1516, Erasmus's version of these books caused the Bible studies to deepen during the Protestant Reformation.
Martin Luther based on this translation to study the Bible.
That's why Erasmus's work had historic consequences that go on until this day, and it's in the genesis of Protestantism and new Christian churches.
The translation of Erasmus is the basis of the English Bible, known as the _King James Version_.
XYZ Erasmus and Luther
Martin Luther was the first man to rebel against the church and create, with his ideas, a church away.
82 ENDOFPAGE
Luther said that one of his inspiration was the translation of Erasmus from the Bible.
In 1522, Luther translated the Bible to German and this version was the basis of William Tyndale's translation to English in 1526.
Luther's sighers were furious at Erasmus after the publication of the Bible in Latin.
Then Luther said that this translation helped him, the church began to fall on Erasmus.
The conflict between the Ecclesia and the Protestants made to all select positions, but by Erasmus all the gangs were repulsive to him the most important of their individual and intellectual independence.
But the situation could not last: Luther began to pressure Erasmus to see that he would appear as the visible face of the reformists, to which the Dutchman denied.
On his part, the Pope also put Erasmus to the end of his attack on Protestantism.
The refusal to work with one or another was interpreted by both of them as unfaithfulness.
The church accused him with a famous sentence: You set out the egg, and Luther put it together, to which the theologo answered with her not least known as irony: Yes, but I expected another class.
XYZ Litteras with Luther
83 ENDOFPAGE
Erasmus's letters are interesting: there are eight hundred eminent men of the world of politics and the thought that he wrote to him to ask for help, support, or counsel.
Many of them respected the words of Erasmus, but not others.
The most interesting of Eramos's correspondence is his letters with Luther.
From the beginning of his relationship, Erasmus and Luther had many letters, which were kept and are very important to know his relationship.
In the first few months, the reformer praises the work done by Erasmus for a better Christianity without speaking of the reformation he thought he would do.
Later, he wondered that he left Catholicism and joined the Protestants.
Erasmus replied by a word of understanding, respect and sympathy for the reformist cause, but he didn't want to pick a band.
Luther said to him that it was necessary to leave the books and turn into a spiritual leader of the people, but Erasmus did not want to abandon all the work of the dead.
That's why he didn't join Luther.
XYZ The Doctrinal Discussion
Though he wanted to, Erasmus's support for the development of Lutheranism had in religion an effect contrary to what he wished.
84 ENDOFPAGE
By reviving the ideas of the founder of Augustinianism, Protestantism gave great impetus to the interests and personal commitments of the faithful in religion.
This fairy lives in love, it's the fundamental pillar of Protestantism.
But Erasmus had always tried to change the abuses which the Catholics made of Christian ideas, but not of the same ideas.
He claimed that the reformation could be made perfectly without doctrinal changes.
Only two times in his life were allowed to be in polemics on doctrine.
One of the themes he was dealing with were freedom.
The Protestants believed in freedom and said that there was no need for salvation.
Catholics denied the ability of man to be free.
In one of his books published in 1524, Erasmus recognized and attacked Luther's exaggerations on human freedom.
But with the eagerness of the scientific truth of his work, he's probably analysing the contrary arguments of the Catholics and ending up in conclusion that they're part of the truth with their positions.
It was said that the man was born bound to sin, and that there are also the right ways to apply to God that he would allow him to get rid of himself.
85 ENDOFPAGE
The right way to offer it only the Catholic Church and depend on the sinner's approval.
This was a great contribution to the problem of the age that had caused the Catholics and the Protestants.
XYZ Religious conflict
All his life, Erasmus has been involved with his criticism of the stable and the abuses of the evil religion.
When he was forced to choose between the church and the Protestants, he said that no one had ever attacked the church as an institution or to God as a source of intelligentness and justice, but to the bad episcopos and brethren that won the money by selling the paradise and started other religious crime.
Luther agreed with the ideas of Erasmus, and the reformer Luther was one of the few people whom Erasmus recognized in the audience he admired.
The German, he always defended the ideas of Erasmus by arguing that it was the product of a deep work.
XYZ Last year,
Erasmus spent the last few years of his life with Catholics and Protestants.
He held disputes with people who had been his friends before.
86 ENDOFPAGE
The city of Basel was official to the Reformation in 1529, and in the meantime he made himself up from there and stood in Fribourg where he could be intellectually independent.
He died in Basel in 1536.
XYZ Censor
All Erasmus's works were censured and included in the Index of Forbidden Operas by the Council of Trent.
In a similar way it was reported by the majority of the Protestant thinkers.
XYZ Armenian Language
Armenian is an Indo-European language spoken by about six or seven million people, approximately three million of them in the Republic of Armenia where it is the official language and the rest in the Armenians.
Armenian has its own alphabet, created in 405 C.E. by Mesrop Mashtots.
The word in Armenian for the Armenian language is even: (pronounced h.j.; n.)
Armenio is the only living member of its branch of the Indo-European family, but it is greatly influenced by the Iranian languages and the majority of its vocabulary is derived from the Iranian languages.
There are two very different dialects, Eastern Armenian and Western Armenian.
87 ENDOFPAGE
The dialect of the east is spoken in the Armenian, Iran, and Russia; on the west is spoken in Lebanon, Syria, France, the United Nations and other countries, but in decline, not generally used by the youngest generations of the Armenians in the day.
XYZ Catacombas
Catacombas are a subterranean gallery or net, used as a refuge during wars or as a place of worship, or as a cemetery.
The first cities are under the city of San Sebastian, running through the wall, in Rome, and used as a cemetery.
The most famous are the catacombas of Rome and Paris.
XYZ Catacombas in the world
XYZ Catacombas of Rome
The catacombas of Rome are ancient, initiated in the 2nd century.
The most known is the catacombas of San Callixtus and of San Sebastian according to Via Appia.
XYZ Catacombas of Paris
Paris's catacombas are called the subterranean gallery of the City of Paris.
It is a 900-mile (400 km) net of cut under the capital of France.
88 ENDOFPAGE
XYZ Alphabeto phonetic international
The international phonetic alphabet (API, IPA veil of English International Phonetic Alphabet) is a phonetic notation system based on the Latin alphabet, imagined by the International Phonetic Association as a standardized representation of spoken languages.
International phonetic alphabet is used by students and instructors of foreign languages, linguists, therapists of linguistics, singers, actors, lexicographers, and translators.
International phonetic alphabet is designated to represent only the quality of language that is distinct in spoken languages: phones, intonation, and the separation of words and syllables.
To represent additional quality of language, such as cold teeth, mischievous or incorrect pronouncement of 's' and 'z', and sounds made with a crack of the palate, a set of outlined symbols to the API are used.
Occasionally, some symbols are added, removed, or amended by the International Phonetic Association.
In 2008, there are 107 distinct letters, 52 diacritics, and four prosedic marks in the international phonetic alphabet.
XYZ The Jungle Book (film of 1967)
89 ENDOFPAGE
(in Interlingua: El Libro del Jungla_) is a British animated film from 1967 produced by Walt Disney Productions and released to the movies on October 18 of the year.
On the 19th Disney animated film, the film is based on a group of novels by Rudyard Kipling, but the Disney Studio was allowed great freedoms with its ideas in the cinematic script.
XYZ Transitional fossil
A transient pit or a transit pit is a few parts of a way of life that shall display common treatments to a family and a group that are derived from it.
This is especially important where the descending group is carefully separated from the ancestral group by gross anatomy and way of life.
These fossils serve as a remorse that taxonomic divisions are human constructs which have been placed on a continuum of variation.
Because of the incompleteness of the fossil registrar, there is usually no way to know exactly how close a transitional fossil is to the point of divergentity.
Accordingly, we cannot assume that transitional holes are direct ancestors of more recent groups, even though they are often used as models for such ancestors.
In 1859, when the origin of the species was published by Charles Darwin, the younger registrar was ill-known.
90 ENDOFPAGE
Darwin described the manslaughter of transient fossils as the most obvious and grave object that can be set against my theory, he never explained it to the extremity of the geologics.
He noticed that the collection available to him was limited, but even so the available information showed patrons running out of their theory of natural selection.
In fact, the _Archaeopteryx_ was only discovered two years later in 1861 and represents a classic transitional form between dinosaurs and birds.
Many other transitional fossils have been discovered since that age, and in the present, there is plenty of evidence of how all kinds of goats are related, many of them in the form of transient fossils.
The specific examples include humans and other ancestors, tetrapods and fish, and birds and dinosaurs.
The missing locution - has been widely used in popular scripts on human evolution to make reference to a lake perceded in the evolutionary record.
It's very much used to make reference to any new transitional fossils.
Scientists, however, don't use the term, because it's about a pre-evolutionary view of nature.
XYZ Evolutionary and Phylogenetic Taxonomy
91 ENDOFPAGE
XYZ Transitions in Phylogenetic Nomenclature
In evolutionary taxonomy, the prevailing form of taxonomy for a large part of the 20th century and still used in unspecified text books, the rate based on similar volume is often designated as oxen bulls, branching off from each other, forming evolutionary trees.
The transitional forms are seen as falling between the various groups on the end of the anatomy, having a mix of characteristics from within and out of the new branched key. Patron:Sfn
With the settlement of the cladistics in the 1990s, common relations came to be expressed in the keynotes illustrating the branching of the evolutionary lines in the linen figures.
Different groups, called natural, monophyletic, form annified units, and only those receive phylogenetic names.
While translating tetrapods and fishes are seen as two different groups, the tetrapods are considered to be a branch of the fishes.
Thus, there is no longer a transition between stable groups, and the term (transitional purposes) is an impromptu denomination.
Differentiation occurs in groups, represented as branches in the keyplate.
92 ENDOFPAGE
In a cladistic context, the transitional organs may be seen as representing the initial copies of a branch, where not all the types of the descenders are known beforehand as the ram has yet developed. Patron:Sfn. Such initial representatives of a group are usually denominated; translating, o-taxa sorores; Patrono:Sfn dependent on whether the fossil organism for the son or not.
Transitional to ancestral XYZ
A source of confusion is the notion that a transitional form between two tax groups must be a direct ancestor of one of the groups or both.
Difficulty is exacerbated by the fact that one of the objectives of the evolutionary tax is to identify rates that were from other rates.
However, it is almost impossible to ensure that any form represented in the fossil of the registrar was a direct ancestor of any other.
In fact, because evolution is a branching process that produces a complex pattern in the form of a splinter bush, it is improbable that any particular form represented in the fossil register is a direct ancestor of any other.
The cladistics shall remove the emphasis from the conclusion that a tax group shall be raised from another, and shall be emphasised by the identification of their members, which shall divide a more recent common lamb from each other with other groups.
93 ENDOFPAGE
There are some exceptional cases, such as some sea-plank microfossibles, where the fossil registrar is enough to suggest with confidence that certain fossils represent a population that was actually from a later population of a different species.
But in general, one considers that transient fossils have characteristics that illustrate the transitional anatomical characteristics of common ancestors of different rates, in the age of being known to be true ancestors.
XYZ Prominent examples
XYZ _Archaeopteryx_
_Archaeopteryx_ is a generation of threshing theropods that appear to the birds.
Since the end of the 19th century, it has been accepted by paleontologists, and celebrated in lay reference work, as well as the most ancient acquaintances, even though a study in 2011 has dropped doubts about this affair, as suggested by the time it is a nonsensical tuxedo, which appears to the origin of the birds.
It lived in what is now the south of Germany in the later Jurassic around 150 million years ago.
Similar in form to a European pebble, with the largest individuals perhaps reaching the size of a corvo, the _Archaeopteryx_ could grow to about 0.5 metres in length.
94 ENDOFPAGE
In spite of its reduced size, long wings, and inferred ability to fly or plan, the _Archaeopteryx_ has more and more common with other mesozoic dinosaurs than modern birds.
In particular, it divides the following common characteristics with the dononychosaurs (compression and troodonts) with sharp teeth, three nailed fingers, a long ossee cause, according to extra-extensible fingers, plumage (which suggest homehood), and various skeleton characteristics.
These characteristics make the _Archaeopteryx_ a clear candidate for a transient fossil between dinosaurs and birds, doing the important thing in the study of the dinosaurs and the origin of birds.
The first complete copy was reported in 1861, and ten other _Archaeopteryx_ fossils have been discovered since then.
The majority of the tenth - known fossils include impressions of feathers - among the most ancient obvious of such structures.
On the other hand, because these feathers lead to the advantage of flying feathers, the fossils of _Archaeopteryx_ are evident that the feathers began to evolve before the end of the Jurassic.
XYZ _Australopithecus afarensis_
The mane_Australopithecus afarensis_ represents an evolutionary transition between modern bipedal humans and their famous quadrupee ancestors.
A number of traces of the skeleton of the A.
95 ENDOFPAGE
to the extent that some researchers have suggested that bipedality had a lot of time before the A.
afarensis_.
In general anatomy, the skin is much more homicidal than it is.
The lilacs are short and wide, the sacro is loose and positioned directly after the joint of the cox, and there is clear evidence of a strong attack on the female_rective, involving an upright posture. Patron:Rp
Though the skin is not entirely like a man's (being markedly wide, or wide, with laterally oriented ilile blades), these characteristics fasten to a radically remodelled structure for a significant degree of bipedalism.
The femore makes a corner at the inside to the knee from the neck.
This method allows the average body to fall closer to the middle of the body, and indicates the usual double locomotion.
Humans, orangutans and ate in the present, possess this same characteristic.
The legs contain large, hard-willed fingers, if not impossible, head branches with the back members.
Ultra lócomotion, l_A.
96 ENDOFPAGE
and there was, in addition, a wild brain greater than a modern chimp (the greatest living relative of humans) and there were teeth that were more human than adversary.
XYZ Pakicetides, _Ambulocetus_
Patron:A lot of image
Cetaceans (whales, dolphins and phocenas) are mothers of the earth's mothers.
The pakicetides are an extinct family of ungulced mamas that are the first whales, whose most likely sister group is the _Indohyus_ of the Raoellidae family.
They lived in the beginning of the United Nations, about a million years ago.
Their fossils were discovered in northern Pakistan in 1979, in a river not far from the shoreline of the ancient Sea of Tethys. Patron:Neededs the paksites could be heard under the water, using better osseveral conduction, instead of depending the chest of the Tympano as the majority of the Earth's mammamas.
This arrangement does not provide directional hearing under the water.
The Christmas_ambulocethus, who lived around four million years ago, was discovered in Pakistan in 1994.
It was probably amphibious, and he remembered the crocodi in appearance.
In the Eocene, ambulocets lived the bays and estuaries of the Tethys Ocean in northern Pakistan.
97 ENDOFPAGE
The cassocks of ambulence are always found in a deep sea-deposits on the shoreline associated with plenty of sea-and-moulded sea-plants on the shoreline.
Though they are found only in marinous deposits, their values of oxygenous isotopes indicate that they were using water with a range of amounts of salinity, a few copies showing no evidence of consumption of sea water and no other aspects of consumption of water in the age when their teeth were filled.
Of course, the ambulence tolerated a wide range of salt concentrates.
Their diet probably included land animals approaching the water to drink, or watery organisms of sweet water that lived in the river.
Consequently, ambulocets represent the pitch of transition of cetacean ancestors between habitats of sweet water and sea water.
XYZ Septimana
A week (lat.
A week, seven days) is a longer than a day and shorter than a month.
In the majority of modern calendars, including the Greek calendar, the week is a period of seven days, and even though it is unprovoked of astronomics, it is implemented as a time unit.
98 ENDOFPAGE
The week can be imagined as an independent calendar running in parallel with different calendars.
However, a few calendars are submitted on the following week to the rules of the French Revolution, which have no week, such as the world calendar, or the calendar of the French Revolution, which has a 10-day week.
XYZ History
XYZ Origins
The origin of the seven-day period is generally associated with ancient Jews and the double myth of creation, according to which God worked for six days and rested in the seventh.
However, it is known that the Babylon people watched a set week of seven days before the Jews came to the idea.
With the passing of time the Sunday week of the September seven days, other cultures in the Eastern Mediterranean and the Middle East were involved.
The use of the seven-day period was probably a simplification of part of the lunar month.
In the meantime, the Babylonian people and the Jews held the lunar calendar with the week of seven days.
There are seven main heavenly bodies: the sun, the moon, and five visible planets on the naked eye, and this can explain the week of seven days.
XYZ Empire remains
99 ENDOFPAGE
The use of the word a week ago began in Rome.
Several groups of citizens of the Roman Empire adopted the week, especially those who spent a few times in the eastern parts of the Empire, including Egypt, where the seven days were used.
Consistently, Christians acquired the practice of the Jews and spread the use of the week together with their religion.
XYZ Christianity
As the first Christians became a distinct group of the Jews, several groups ceased to celebrate the Jewish Sabbath (Sabbato) and the first day or day of the LORD (dominian) and began to celebrate only Sunday.
In Rome, the Sunday was known as the Sun (day of the Sun), but the name was changed in the middle.
In the beginning of Article IV E.C., the Emperor of Constantin ruled the week's use of the week in a matter of several days for religious observations, and established the first day as the day for religious observations for all groups, not only the Christians and other people who were already watching the Sunday.
The Jews held back their tradition from (at least) 800 years of observation to the Sabbath.
Later, after the settlement of the Islam, the coming day of the religion's observation.
100 ENDOFPAGE
The seven-day record of the seven-day period defined in the ancient Middle East, probably in Babylon, is now used in most parts of the world due to the spread of trade and corporate negotiations.
XYZ China and Japan
China adopted the concept of the week-long work only in modern times when the Western calendar system was brought into the land.
There are several endings for a week in Chinese.
The most notorious in the Western is the Chinese: (_Xing1 Qi2_ gold: Stellar Period)
According to this fact:
In the China of the century, there was a method of recording time, denominated, (Wi1 Yao 4 Li4-o-Calendar of the Seven Luminares), but it was categorically uncontained by the method of the Seven Luminares to tell the days.
In the 8th century, Manicheism was travelling from (_Kang1 Ju1, Guo2_; Pais Kazak) to carry the method of the Seven Luminares to tell them, days and send it to China.
A little earlier, the passage explained the name of the adopted system:
The seven Luminaires were used to tell the days of an ancient date.
101 ENDOFPAGE
One of the seven days that followed a week, the Shinar Sun, the Shining of Fire, (Marte), the Luminar of Aqua (Mercurio), the Shining of Ling (Jupiter), the Shining of Metal (Venus) and the Shining of Terra (Saturno), and the original system, made up the original system, and was called.
In the primitive Chinese system, the days of the week were called according to the Sun, the Moon, and the fifth major planets, Mars, and the firstborn, the firstborn, the first man, the first man, the first man, and the fifth man, and the fifth day, the fifth man, the second man, the first man, and the second man.
Japanese language still preserves the same denominations, even though Chinese use it no more.
In modern Chinese, the days of the week are called by numbers, for example, the moonshine is called a planetic newspaper one.
The final term for a week in China is (_Li3 Bai 4_), meaning something like the Precarious River.
Almost certainly this was introduced by Christian missionaries who wanted Chinese to preclude everyday or calendar-determined languages, because there is no day of reprehension.
XYZ Days of the week
XYZ Uso in Interlingua
102 ENDOFPAGE
In interlingua, the names of the days are mainly from the gods and the gods are used in Latin:
Sunday - the day of the Lord (christian name)
Monday - Monday, Monday,
Tuesday - Day of Mars
- Mercury - Sunday of Mercury,
Jovedi - Jupiter's (or Jove) day
Venerdi--day of Venus (or Venere)
--Sabbato--Shabath-- (Jewish name)
According to the custom, the Sunday was called the Sun, and the Sabbath of Saturn.
XYZ Us in other languages
In Latin, there were two ways to name the days of the week.
One of these manners is using the names of gods and gods, as is used in interlingua, English, Spanish, Italian and French.
Another way is to name it from Monday until it comes with numbers:
- Sunday:
103 ENDOFPAGE
Lunedi: Fairness II
Marsedi: Fairness III
- Mercury: Fairness IV
Jovedi: Fairness V
Veneri: Woe VI
Saturday: Saturday,
This way is used in languages like Portuguese.
XYZ Initio and the end of the week
The sequency of a Sabbath and a Sunday is commonly referred to as the end of the week or a week -end_ (from English) and are the days of rest and recreation in most Western cultures.
According to the standard of ISO 8601, the week is beginning in the moon.
That's what makes up the end of the week for Sunday and Sunday Sunday.
However, according to the decision of the ruler to make the first day of the week the day of religious observance, the Sunday is also considered the first day of the week in Christian countries.
Because there are two different calendars.
104 ENDOFPAGE
Young men of a year determine the number of weeks: September 1 shall be defined as the week it contains the first youth of the year, etc.
(_Live also, ISO 8601_).
A Sunday letter system has been used to determine the day of the week in the Greek or Julian calendar.
XYZ Bills and Numbers
-1 week = 7 days
-1 week = 168 hours = 10.080 minutes = 60.800 seconds
-1 year = 52 weeks plus 1 day (two days in a small year)
-1 week = 23 per cent of a month half (closely accurate)
In a middle of the Greek year there are exactly 365.2425 days, and by exactly 52.1775 weeks.
There are exactly 20,871 weeks in 400 Greek years, so 25 December 1601 was a Tuesday as 25 December 2001.
XYZ Germany
Germany, a country located in Central Europe.
Germany is known officially as the German Federal Republic of Germany (FFG; German: _Bundasrepublik Deutschland_).
105 ENDOFPAGE
XYZ Geography
Northbound Germany with the North Sea, Denmark and the Baltic Sea; eastbound to Poland and the Czech Republic; southbound to Austria and Switzerland, and westbound to France, Luxembourg, Belgium and the Lower States.
XYZ History
During most of its history, Germany was a geographical term used to designate an area occupied by different States.
It turned into a united state for 74 years (1871 - 1945), but was divided at the end of World War II in the Federal Republic of Germany (RFG), known as the West German German), and the German Democratic Republic (RDG, known as the East German).
On October 3, 1990, the RDG became part of the RFG, so Germany became a unified nation.
Berlin is the most important capital and city of modern Germany.
XYZ Parliament of the Federal Republic
In the German parliament there are 709 members, chosen all four years.
Station after 24 September 2017 election:
XYZ Economy
106 ENDOFPAGE
XYZ Demographia
Germany is a country with a high population for air.
In the next year, Germany has 80,767,463 inhabitants.
In 2010, the average resident had a age of 43.7 years and in 2013 had half a woman, half a child.
The poor man whose Germany is more dead as the population of Germany is born to be ingested by immigration.
74 million inhabitants have a bourgeoisie from Germany and 20 percent have a non-German origin.
XYZ Culture
XYZ Sport
The most popular sport in Germany is football.
Germany was four times the field of the world (1954, 1974, 1990, 2014) and two times the football world's championship was in Germany (1974 and 2006).
XYZ Religion
East Germanic religions
31.2 percent - Catholics remain
-30,5% - Protestant
107 ENDOFPAGE
-30% -no religion
- 3.9 percent - Islamites (3.2 my own.).
3.30 per cent - Orthodox
XYZ Isotopo
An isotope is a variant of a particular chimic element with a different number of neutrons from the element.
All the isotopes of one element have the same number of protons in each attire.
The Isotopo term is derived from the Greek rays of rays of the rays of the rays of the rays (equal) and _tops (e.g. )., meaning the same place, so, the name means that different istopos of a single element shall take over the same position in the periodic tab of the elements.
The number of protons within the core of the atom is referred to as the atomic number and equals the number of electronics in the neutral (non-ionized) at home.
Each atomic number identifies a specific element that may not identify the isotope; an at least of a given element may have very different numbers of neutrons.
The number of nucleons (the protons and neutrons) in the nucleo is the number of atome mass, and each isotope of a given element has a different number of mass.
108 ENDOFPAGE
For example, carbon -12, carbon -13 and carbon -14 are three isotopes of the carbon element with the numbers of mass 12, 13 and 14 respectfully.
The atomic number of carbon is 6, which means that each carbon at home has six protons, which are the numbers of neutrons of these isotopes are 6, 7, and 8 respectfully.
XYZ Radiosotopo
If the nucleo of an isotope is instable, the isotope is radio-active.
The nucleo is instigable because the relationship between the numbers of protons and neutrons is not appropriate for the stability of the nucleo.
XYZ Benidorm
Benidorm is a town on the north coast of the province of Alicante, in the Valencian Community, Spain.
It is located in the Baja Navy, 50 kilometers of the capital city of Alicante.
Benidorm is a most important tourist destination, known throughout the Mediterranean for its shores and night life.
Benidorm has the highest hotel in Europe, many other freeholds - hotels - all around 330 - and thematic park.
XYZ Geography
109 ENDOFPAGE
Access to this city by AP-7 autostrata and the N-332 train.
It may also arrive in its municipal end of different halts and a station of the Alicante Metropolitan TRAM.
Site is privileged by a special microclimate with a sweet and temperate winter and a temperate state for the sea breeze, which allows for the joy of a nature that has been combined, wisely, with the emerge of a modern and commodious city.
Benidorm is situated on the White Coast of the Mediterranean in Espania of the east in the province of Alicante one hour of driving north of Valencia and with the International Alicante, El Altlet, only 60 miles of the cent of Benidorm.
XYZ History
In the end of the city where there are rests of the trees and the Romans.
The population suffered from terrible barren pirate attacks, the first in 1410 and the second in 1448, which insulated the village and the castle.
During the 19th century, the growth continued and fearful touring adventures began, such as the inauguaration of the Great of the Suffrage Virgin.
The expansion of the port occurred in 1900.
110 ENDOFPAGE
Benidorm was originally a small village of fishermen, but good places and beautiful nature transformed it in 1960 to a modern city of holidays today more than 330 scratches.
More than five million tourists visit each year, Benidorm.
The City Council in Benidorm shall in 2015 request that the city shall enter on the list of the World Heritage Site of UNESCO in the cultural landscape.
Benidorm wants to be registered for the Mediterranean journeys for tourists in a way for the local nature and environment.
XYZ Climate
The climate of Benidorm is climated by typical Mediterranean with 300 days per year and a temperature of the average 19 -20-grade Celsius.
XYZ Demographia
Benidorm is a more international city in Europe and has the highest immigrant population in Spain.
XYZ Attractions
- Horse point tower.
Declared of cultural interest.
It is included in the Natural Park of the Sierra Helada_.
111 ENDOFPAGE
- Toss of the cove.
(seuls III - I a.
C.).
The Canfali Point Looker
In the great rock which divides the two seams, the fortification which served as a defence in front of the pirate incursions was established.
Church of San Jaime and St. Anne.
It is situated in the upper part of the ancient village, on the high side of the Canfali hillhill.
It was built between 1740 and 1780 after the Virgin of Suffragio, the patron of Benidorm.
XYZ Thematic Park
- Terra Mitica: a large thematic park in Spain, based on the civilizations that lived next to the Mediterranean.
Earth Nature: A thematic park devoted to animals and nature.
Aqualand [1]: Park of water attractions (toboggans...)
World [2]: Animal observing park.
XYZ Populo
112 ENDOFPAGE
The word of the people [pu-lo] (from Latin populus, from Etruscan origin) can have many meanings, all designating a group of people.
The branch of science that deals with the phenomenon of people, especially as ethnic, is ethnology.
The word of the people cannot mean the inhabitants of a certain land, for example the beautiful people.
In this case, the word is more or less a synonym of citizens.
A people may also be a distinct group of people who perceive a mutual affinity and unity based on one or more common characteristics.
By using this definition, we can say that the beautiful population consists of three people (appelled also by the nations): flames, walloons and belgo -germanos (Germanic belagos).
So it's the language that's considered to be the main character of the people.
But some people are based mainly on their religious union.
The most well-cognized example is the Jewish people: only the half of the Jews dwell in the state of Israel, far from all Hebrew, Hebrew or Laden, and because of the Disapora they belong to all human roots.
There are other exceptions.
113 ENDOFPAGE
Irish has generally adopted English language, but no Irish will be considered to be English.
The German and the Dutch speak the same language (Nederland), but it's two different people.
In addition to the criterion of language, it is done: in the Dutch, the Limburgese may be considered to be a regional language, but none of them agree that the speakers of it would be able to regard themselves as a distinct people.
XYZ References
XYZ Herodoto
In Greek, Halicárna (in Greek, Greek, Greek, Greek, Greek, Greek, English, Greek, English, Greek, English, Greek, Greek, Greek, English, Greek, Greek, Greek, Greek:
From the point of geographical view, Herodoto left the presence of an ecumen that spread out from Sweden to Central Europe and India, in his eastern boundary, until Iberia in the West.
During Section VI, the control of the Carthaginians had of the commercial roads for the Western Mediterranean had prevented him from knowing this part of the world and the Atlantic coasts of Europe personally, so many of his observations were carried out from other sources.
He almost wrote the history of the world for his history, and the officer called him the father of history, as the founder of the historical generation.
His history was published between the years of 430 and 424 B.C.
114 ENDOFPAGE
and is divided into new books, which have the name of Muses.
The first six is about the Persian Empire and its influence on Greece.
Three of the last to describe King Xerxes's attempts to avenge the battle of Marathon and conquer Greece.
XYZ Drei Abhandlungen zur Sexualtheorie
Behold, Abhandlungen is a 1905 work of Sigmund Freud, a 1905 work that forwards his theory of sexuality, in particular his childhood relationship.
Together with the interpretation of sounds, the evidence contained in this work is one of Freud's most tragic and original contribution to human knowledge.
In short, Freud pointed out that the perversion, was in the same way among the healthy, and that the walking of the breastplate began not in the puberty, but in the first stages of the child.
By observing children, Freud claimed to find a series of practices that seemed inoffensive, but were really a form of sexual activity.
Freud also sought to put together his theory of the unconscious propounded in the beginning of the sound, and his work on the hysteria by postulating sexuality as the automotrice force in the neurosis (mediating the repression) as much in the perversion.
115 ENDOFPAGE
He also concluded the bills of envy of the penis, a complex of castration and a complex of the Edipo.
XYZ Olivenza
Olivenza is a municipality in the region of Extremadura, Espania, on the left bank of the Guadian River, almost on the front of the City of Elvas, Portugal, about 24 miles south of Badajoz, Spain.
The Olivenza Land has a triangular configuration, with two of its vertices resting on Guadian and the third boarding in Spain to the south-east.
XYZ Description
The municipality of Badajoz, in Espania.
XYZ History
In May 20, 1801, Spanish in alliance with the Napoleonic French led Portugal during the War of the Oranges, which was a great part of Alto - Alentejo.
Commanded by Generalisimo, Manuel Godoy, the Spanish people surrounded and took Olivenza.
Portugal, which was won by Napoleon and Carlo IV, was forced to appoint Espania, in the capacity of conquest, Olivenza, his territory and people from the Guadian River, to sign the Treaty of Badajoz in 6 June.
Frustrating French-Napoleonian ambitions, Europe met at the Vienna Congress, opened in September 1814.
116 ENDOFPAGE
That's where the main forces were represented: England, Austria, Prussia and Russia, but also Portugal, Spain, Sweden, as well as the victory of France.
It made up the Octo Committee that would be the main organ of the congress.
The trains were extended to the following year and the final act was signed at 9 June 1815.
Along with the signatures of the representatives of Austria (Metternich), France (Talleyrand), England, Prussia, Russia and Sweden, came from D.
Pedro de Sousa Holstein, the future Duke of Palmela, the chief of the Portuguese delegation.
Espania, which was not present, has written the Act in 7 May 1817.
The act of the Congress of Vienna, in its Article 105, prescribed:
the Puisses, recognizing the justice of the years before S. A, A. R.
117 ENDOFPAGE
The king of Portugal and the Brèssil, on the city of Olivenza, the great city of Olivanza and the great city of the city of Oliven and the great city of the city of Olivan and the poor, including a few measures of service, assembling between the ten oyres of the vineyards of the pensule, showing good harmoniousness, and setting up the provisions of the councils of the last few of the Europeans. A. , R.
The Prince of Portugal and of Brazil, on the City of Olivenza, and the other land of Olivenza and the other territories of Espania by the Treaty of Portugal, Badajoz of 1801, and by contemplating the restitution of such objects as one of the cities of Europe, the constant objective of their provisions shall be laid down in accordance with the paths of the conciliation of their efforts, so that they may be carried out in favor of Portugal.
There was a suspicion that Olivenza was conquered by Spain and not by the Napoleonic French, so that the firm of the Treaty of Vienna was made as a victor, and not to cover the territory of the right.
118 ENDOFPAGE
Today, in 2006, it is still sub-administration of Spain answered by Portugal.
XYZ Hierarchical data base
The hierarchical model of data organs the data in records tied between them according to structures in the tree.
Every registrar of the base of data, who is not the root of the tree, must have one father.
It is possible that there are two records, in different trees, which represent the same information.
This entails redundancies in the base of data and requires consistent control in its use.
Above all, it's impossible to imagine information without a father.
Hierarchical structure imposes rigid rules on the way to make the updates and consultations: the highest level is the point of access to all information.
A log from the data base will be cancelled, including the removal of all classified records that are hierarchically dependent on it.
The upgrade of the data requires access and the implementation of different records to ensure the consistentness of the data base.
119 ENDOFPAGE
The hierarchical model shall require the dependation of the frameworks, so it is not possible to change the structures without changing the programmes.
XYZ Mechanica quantic
The quantic machine is the branch of the machine, based on the quantic theory used for the interpretation of the behaviour of elemental particulates and atoms, which do not obey the laws of the Newtonian mechanist.
It is divided between the classic quantic machine, the quantic relativistic and the yes, called Quantic,
Quantic Mechanic is based on the existence of a unit function, which contains all information in the system.
The function of the unit shall be allowed to calculate the probability of the system assembling a given state in a measurement.
XYZ Theoria
Copenhagen's interpretation is the most common interpretation of the quantic physician and was developed by Niels Bohr and Werner Heisenberg, who was working together in Copenhagen in 1927.
Copenhagen's interpretation can be condensed into three fabrics.
XYZ Prime These
120 ENDOFPAGE
The first teasing is that the probabilistic predictions made by the mechanist are irreducible in the sense that they are not a good effect of the carelessness of variably hidden hypotheticals.
In the style of data, for example, we use the probability to predict the outcome, because we have no sufficient information, even as we think the process is determinable.
Probities are used to fulfill our knowledge.
Copenhagen's interpretation defends that in mechanics how many outcomes are indeterministic.
XYZ Second These
The second teaser finds that it doesn't feel like it can't be measured.
This is also a teasing of positive philosophy, which forsakes all questions that there is no possible experiment, real or imagined, to test or falsify its truth, as it is, for example, that God exists.
Physical is the science of measurement process results.
Copenhagen's interpretation considers no question as the following: where the electron was before its position was measured.
XYZ Tertie These
121 ENDOFPAGE
Finally, the third and last teasing finds that the act of observing causes the docks of the groundwork.
That means that even though the measurement of the system was done, there were many possible stages, only one of these states was chosen randomly by the processing of measurement.
The function of the undo is immediately changed to reflect this selection.
XYZ Critics
The complexion of the mechanist was attacked by the fictitious experience of Einstein-Podolsky-Rosen, which was intended to show that it must be hidden in various ways to prevent non-local actions on the distance.
Bell's inequality on the results of such an experience was derived from the hypothese that there are different hidden and there are no non-local effects.
In 1982, Aspect made an experiment and discovered that Bell's inequality was violated, thus rejecting interpretations that postulated variables and local effects.
This experiment served as a venue for many critics and new experiments done by Weihs and Rowe, which entrusted the results of Aspect.
122 ENDOFPAGE
Many physicists and philosophes have notable criticism of Copenhagen's interpretation, based on or in the fact that it is not deterministic or in the fact that reality is created by a non-physic observation process.
The Pharases of Albert Einstein, God does not play the data, and he thinks even that the moon is not there when you do not see it, it illustrates the position of the critics well.
The experiment of the Catto de Schroendinger was proposed to show that Copenhagen's interpretation is absurd.
The main alternative to Copenhagen's interpretation is Everett's interpretation of parallel worlds.
XYZ Groups of Anti-Fascist Resistance Prime of Octobre
The Groups of the Anti-Fascist Prime of Octobre (GRAPO) is an armed Spanish underground anti-fascist and revolutionary groups, founded in 1975 from the Reconstitutive Congress of the Communist Party of Spain (reconstituency) (PCE-r), with the purpose of dethroning the Francoist kingdom and driving out of Espania the American army to establish a socialist government.
Though it is ideologically defined as a Marxist--Leninist, in its ranks there are thousands of communists, independentists, anarchists and anti-fascists.
Since 1975, the GRAPO has carried out more than 1 000 armed action, in which there have died 84 persons: 57 police officers, 20 civilians and 7 military officers.
123 ENDOFPAGE
The most active year was 1979, in which 21 people died.
21 members of the organization have died of murder by the police, caught in battle, with torture or inattention in prison.
The forces of Spanish Securetate have proclaimed its disarticulation for several times, the organisation continues with armed struggles until our days, with minimal intensity.
XYZ History
GRAPO was founded from the Reconstitutive Congress of the Communist Party of Spain (re-constitution) (PCE-r), in June 1975, with the purpose of destroying the Francoist rule and driving out the American army of Spain to establish a socialist government.
His first official release was published on 18 June 1976 in the Red Gazette of the CEP (r).
It was a fact that the organization had about 50 groups.
The first armed action claimed by GRAPO was carried out on August 2, 1975, in the canodrome of Madrid, when the activists Enrique Cerdán Calixto, Abelardo Collazo Araújo, and José Luis González Zazo attacked two officers of the Civil Guard, killing one and leaving the other seriously vulnered.
On September 29 they perform other action, this time in Barcelona, in which they kill a Spanish armed police officer.
124 ENDOFPAGE
On 1 October of the same year, GRAPO kills four of the armed police officers in the city of Madrid, in retaliating for the three-membrance rifle of the Revolutionary Anti-Fascist and Patriotist (FRAP) and two Euskadi Ta Askatasuna (ETA), on September 27, 1975.
This action will give its name to the organization.
Later, there were several cities of Spain, a series of blasts in many public buildings, monuments and other objectives.
The Spanish government is not late in showing signs of weakness.
On November 26, 1975, after the death of the dictator Francisco Franco, the state was forced to enact a limited grace.
Out of prison 235 political prisoners, representing less than 10 per cent of incarcerated anti-fascists.
While the government was preparing its landmark campaign to discuss the political reform of the kingdom, GRAPO will carry out one of its most ambitious operations: the chairman of the Council of State Antonio Maria de Orio (a follow-up to 1976) and the owner of General Emilio Villaescusa, chairman of the Supreme Council of Military Justice (a follow-up in 1977), called the Operation Chromo), which will balance the process of reform.
It was the first multiple and concater against two of the most remarkable personalities of the Frankish kingdom.
125 ENDOFPAGE
In exchange for his freedom, GRAPO demands the amnesty of 15 political prisoners from different anti-fascist organizations, some of whom were sentenced to death by the kingdom.
The purpose of the action was to express their unitary will in the struggle for amnesty against the common enemy, to accumulate forces and to break the prevailing sectarianism among the various anti-fascist forces.
Only one of the prisoners whose freedom they demanded was a member of the organization.
Oriol and Villassa, which will end on February 11, 1977, after which the police freed the elections, and the death of three police members from GRAPO four days later, in response to the murder of five professional lawyers by a political group, represents a qualitative leap of the organization to a victory.
On 8 January 1979, GRAPO kills the President of the Chamber VI of the Supreme Court of Spain, Miguel Cruz Cuenca.
On the 26th May of the same year, the Civil Guard ends with life, in a standoff in Terol, by the GRAPO leaders Raúl Calero and Maria del Carmen López Sánchez.
On the 28th and 29nd June, the Paris-based activists Francisco Martín Izaguirre and Aurello Fernández Cario are murdered in a part of Paris.
126 ENDOFPAGE
On the other hand, after all, the Spanish Minister for Home Affairs offered rewards to those who would facilitate the capture of 11 guerillas of GRAPO, considered to be the most important, one of those, Pedro Tabanera López, who died on August 15, 1979 in a confrontation with the police at the railway station of El Escorial.
XYZ Italian Language
The Italian language belongs to the Indo-European language family.
The Italian language has been defiled in a literary way, until the past century was spoken by limited minority, the history of the Italian language is by example: Dante Alighieri, Francesco Petrará, Giovanni Boccaccio, who thanks to the contribution of the great writers and poets of the region, and was by example: Dante Alighieri, Francesco Petrará, Giovanni Boccaccio, and to the important economic and commercial role that Florentia was about in the middle, was overshadowed by all the Italian pensula.
The Italian is one of the official languages of the European Union and it has about 70 and a thousand speakers.
XYZ Nomine
XYZ History of Italian Language
Modern Italian is based on the literary Florentine used in the thirteenth century by Dante, Petrarch, and Boccaccio, which are influential by the literary Sicilian language created by the Secilian Scola of Jacopo, and of the Latin model.
XYZ from the vulgar Latin to the vulgar Italian
127 ENDOFPAGE
Think of the Italian as a direct application of Latin as a simple and approximate way: the Italian is the same language spoken by the Romans, which has taken a long development to the modern Italian.
In other words, in the classical age there was a Latin vulgar that played the spoken language.
With the fall of the Roman Empire and the formation of the kingdoms of barbar, the Latin spoken joined together with the dialects of the people of Latin, creating the Romanian languages between which the Italian.
XYZ Del Florentino vulgar al italiano
The present Italian descends from the vulgar Florentino of the 13th century, with many local characters.
XYZ Stonehenge
Stonehenge is a prehistoric monument near Amesbury, Wiltshire, England, three miles north of Salisbury and juxta the A303.
It has a circle of mermaids, each about 4.0m high and about 25 heavy tones, in the midst of a complex of artificial mountains.
Lessers stand at the largest location of prehistoric monuments in England, including hundreds of tumuls.
Archeologs believe that the mountains were built about 3100 A.E. and that the men were erected between 3000 A.E. and 2000 B.C.
128 ENDOFPAGE
Some of the others came from the region that is now Pembrokeshire, Wales.
Others came from within Marlborough, also in Wiltshire.
The end was about 1600 B.C.
Its exact role is unknown, but it seems to have been a place of religious rituals.
The use of the chair had ceased before the arrival of the Romans in 1 C.E.
The name of the seat came from the English, Saxons, and it means the words that hang in the air,
The monument was restored after the beginning of the 20th century.
It is now a major tourist attraction and a UNESCO World Heritage Site.
Stonehenge is associated with legends, especially King Arthur, and with neo-pagan movements.
The seat is owned by British monarchies after 1918 and run by English Heritage.
The National Trust owns the surrounding land.
In 1978 the audience's access to the interior of the circle was limited.
129 ENDOFPAGE
XYZ Linguistica
Linguistics ([lin-gwis-ti-ka]; from French to language science, from Latin to Latin is the science that studies language, or human language.
Linguistics, from French-linguistics, are the science of language, existing in the following divisions:
Languages apply: branch of linguistic studies dealing with the problems the language provides as a means of social relations, especially of what is referred to as language training.
Comparative linguistics: comparative grammar.
Computational linguistics, applying artificial intelligence methods to the treatment of linguistic questions.
Evolutionary linguistics: dialectical linguistics.
General linguistics: theoretical study of the language involved in research methods and questions common to different languages.
Interlinguistics: a study between languages for the comparison of vocabulary and grammar for the extraction or development of an international auxiliary language.
In so much, a linguist is a person with training in linguistics.
A person who speaks different languages is a _polyglotto_.
130 ENDOFPAGE
Linguistics studies all aspects of language or language, including different fields, general linguistics or linguistics theory, comparative or historical linguistics and sociolinguistics.
Interlinguistics which is the study for the development of an international auxiliary language.
(_Life of Universal Language). Computational linguistics is a new subcamp that is presented as a multidisciplinary area between linguistics and informatics.
In Europe, in the 19th century, linguistics were focused on the history of the languages of Indo-European, with the end of finding its roots and tracing common points in its development.
Interest in describing languages has been sprinkled by all the world, and thousands of languages of all parts of the world have been analysed in different grades.
When this work disappeared to the 20th century, mainly in America, the linguists were confronted with the idioms of the structure were greatly different from the familiar European languages, and they understood that they needed to develop a theory of the structure and linguistic methods of the analysis.
Outside of such interest was the field that came to be known by linguistics as a structural linguist or a Structura.
The pioneers in this effort included Franz Boas, Edward Sapir, and Leonard Bloomfield.
131 ENDOFPAGE
XYZ Amsterdam
Amsterdam is the capital and the highest city of the Lower Lowlands, in the province of North Holland in the west of the land.
The city, which had a population of around 1 million (inclusive of the settlements) on 1 January 2008, includes the northern part of the Randstad, the sixth-longest growing metropolitan area in Europe, with a population of around 6.7 million.
Its name is from the name of Amstel dam, indicating the origin of the city: a word (_dam_) in the Amstel River where the Dam Square is today.
Established as a fish village in the 20th century, Amsterdam became one of the most important harbors in the world in the Dutch Golden Era, thanks for its innovative development.
In a moment, the city was the chief financial and diamond centre.
In the 19th and 20th century, the city grew and was created by new neighbours and settlements.
The city is the financial and cultural capital of the Lower States.
Many Dutch institutions have their centres there, as seven of the 500 largest companies.
The Amsterdam Bursa, part of Euronext, is placed in the city centre.
132 ENDOFPAGE
The tourist attractions of Amsterdam include the Amsterdam Canals, the Rijksmuseum (National Museum), the Museo de van Gogh, the House of Anne Frank; these attractions attract 4.2 million tourists per year.
XYZ History
The first use of the word, Amsterdam, dated 27 October 1275, when its inhabitants, who had built a bridge with one day from the Amstel, were drawn to pay a foothold for Count Floris V.
The certificate shall describe the inhabitants of Amestelledamm's people.
In 1327, the name was developed at Aemsterdam.
In the 16th century, the war of Hollandy began for independence against Spain.
Despite Spanish laws, Amsterdam changed its laws in 1578.
As a result, freedom of culture, a very progressive movement for his age, was restored.
Holy Ardian wars throughout Europe and many people found refuge against religious persecution.
Many Hebrew families from Spain and Portugal, merchants from Ambra and Huguenots from France, found refuge in Amsterdam.
These groups carried their negotios with themselves, improving the opulence of the city.
133 ENDOFPAGE
The 17th century was the golden of Amsterdam.
Ships from Amsterdam arrived to North America, Indonesia, Brazil and Africa, building an imponent empire in the process.
The famous painter Rembrandt lived in this hall, and the city spreads out of its canals during this period.
Amsterdam became the most important in the world and in an international financial centre.
At the end of the 17th century, the city had 200,000, the largest third in the world (after London and Paris).
The 18th and 19th centuries put an end to the prosperity of Amsterdam.
The wars against England and France caused many problems in the city.
At the end of the 19th century, the industrial revolution reached Amsterdam.
They were built as far as the sea and the river Rhine, which was able to increase its communication with the rest of Europe and the world.
Amsterdam gained a new impulse, but nothing could do to achieve its previous authority.
The First World War did not influence Amsterdam because the Lower Lows remained neutral, whereas the trade and industry were overwhelmed.
134 ENDOFPAGE
During World War II, the German army occupied the city of May 15, and about 100,000 Hebrew people were exiled from Amsterdam, which was almost completely removed from the Hebrew population.
Before the war, Amsterdam was the world centre of diamond trading.
As this trade was almost exclusive to Hebrew merchants, it almost completely disappeared after the war.
Amsterdam continues to be an important city for diamond trading, but the city of Antwerpen in Belgium is the world's capital of the said market.
XYZ Demographia
Within the 16th and 17th centuries, immigrants to Amsterdam were mostly Huguenots, Flamingos, Sephards, and Westphalians.
The Huguenotes left for Amsterdam after the Edict of Fontainebleau in 1685, which gave freedom to cook.
The Protestant Westphalians left for Amsterdam during the eighty-year War.
Before the Second World War, a tenth (10 percent) of the city was Jewish.
The first mass immigration in the 20th century was from Indonesia, which went to Amsterdam after the National Indian Revolution in the years of 1940 and 1950.
135 ENDOFPAGE
In the years of 1960, guest workers from Turchia, Marocco, Italy and Spain were emigrating to Amsterdam.
After the 1975 independence of Suriname, there were several smiles in the neighbour of Bijlmermeer in the city.
Other immigrants, including asylum seekers and illegal immigrants, came from Europe, America, Asia, and Africa.
In the 1970s and 1980s, several 'veter' Amsters departed for other cities such as Almere and Purmerend, stimulated by a plainological law.
This law promoted suburbanization and created new development, or (Nederlandish) groeikernen_-literally, nucleos of growth.
XYZ Sport
Amsterdam is the home of Ajax, a team in the Dutch Football League.
The team plays in front of its audience in the modern-day Amsterdam ArenA State, located in the south-east of the town.
In 1928, Amsterdam was the seat of the no-one Olympic Games.
The Olympic State built for the occasion was completely restored, and it is now used for cultural and sporting events.
XYZ General Relativity
136 ENDOFPAGE
General relation or general theory of relativity is the geometric theory of gravitation published by Albert Einstein in 1916 and is the description of gravitation in modern physics.
General relativeness, general relativeness and the law of universal gravitation of Newton, to provide a unified description of gravity, such as a geometric property of space and weather, or spacious weather.
Let's take care of it, the space curvature is directly reported at the time of the quadruple (mass energy and timing line) of any matter and radiation are present.
The relationship is specified by the field equations of Einstein, a system of different partial equations.
Many general predictions of general relativity shall be significant to those of classical physics, especially to the passing of time, the geometry of space, the movement of bodies in the free fall, and the propagation of light.
Examples of such differences include gravitational time dilation, gravitational decomposition of the red from the light, and gravitational temporary delay.
Predictions of relativity have been confirmed in all observations and experiments to the present.
Though general relativity is not the single relativistic theory of gravity, it is the simplest theory that is consistent with experiential data.
137 ENDOFPAGE
However, unanswered questions remain, the most fundamental things to be general relativity can be reconciled to the laws of quaint physics to achieve a complete and self-consistent theory of gravitation.
General relativity is important astrophysic.
For example, it means the existence of black cavos - areas of space where space is distorted such that nill, including light, can escape - like a final station for massive stars.
There are ample evidence that such a spread of black caves and the most massive variety of black caves are responsible for the intense radiation involved by a few types of astronomic objects, such as active galaxic nuclei or microquasars.
Wrapping the gravitation beams can cause the gravitational refraction phenomenon, where multiple images of the distant astronomical object are visible in the sky.
General Relavity also predicates the existence of gravitational waves, which after it has been measured indirectly; a direct measurement is the end of the LIGO and NASA/ESA LISA projects.
Additionally, general relativity is the basis of running cosmological models of a consistent expansion of the universe.
XYZ Fungo
A function is a member of a large group of Eucharyotic organizations including microorganisms such as readings, muttons, and familiar champignants.
138 ENDOFPAGE
Fongos form a kingdom, Fungi, which is separated from plants, animals, and bacteria.
A major difference is that fungal cells have cell walls that contain chitine, seen that the cell pages of plants contain cellulose.
These and other different differences show that the functionings form a single group of cognate organs, called the Eumycota_ (_ver fungos_o_eumycetos_), which possess a common lamb (a monophyletic_group).
This fungal group is distinct from the structurally similar myxomycetos (limousum mares) and oomycetos (aquatic mucores).
The discipline of biology devoted to the study of functions is known as psychology.
Mycologia has been looked at as a branch of shop, which is bad for a separate kingdom in a biological tax.
Genetic cities have shown that the functions are more cognate to animals than to plants (with plants and animals are members of the Opisthokonta group, but plants are classified into the Bikonta group).
Abounding in the world, most of the functionings are nonconspicuous because of the small sizes of his structures and his cryptic vital pencils, on dead material, and like symbionts of plants, animals, or other backgrounds.
They may become observable when they are fruiting, or like champignants or mucores.
139 ENDOFPAGE
It's an essential role in the composition of organic material, and there are fundamental roots in cyclos, and exchange of nutrition.
They have long been used as a direct source of food, such as champs and truffles, as a lounging agent for bread, and in fermentation of various food products, as wine, beer, and soybean.
After the 1940s, the functioning was used for the production of anti-biotics, and the more recent various endearments are used industriously and detergently.
Fungoes are also used as biologic pesticides of controlling weeds, diseases of plants, and noose insects.
Many species produce bioactive composites called myco toxins, such as alkaloids and polyketites, which are attached to animals including humans.
The fruit bodies of a few species contain psychotropic compounds.
Fungoes can make up manufacturing materials and buildings, and they can be made up of people's fathers and other animals.
Losses of harvests due to fungal diseases (for example, deterioration of food can have a large impact on human food supplies and local economy).
The fungal kingdom includes an enormous diversity of taxa with varied ecology, life-stile strategies, and morphology, going out of single-cell water-strikes at large champignants.
140 ENDOFPAGE
However, it is known of the present diversity of Kingdom Fungi, which has been estimated to be 1.5 million to five million species, with about five percent of them being formally classified.
After the pioneer works of the 18th and 19th century by Carl Linnaeus, Christian Hendrik Persoon, and Elias Magnus Fries, have been classified in accordance with its morphology (for example, characteristics, as color of spores or microscope characters) or psychology.
In the molecular genealogy, the way has opened for DNA analysis to be built into taxonomy, which has been challenged by historic groups based on morphology and other characters.
Phylogenetic cities published in the last few years, helping to make up the class of Regno Fungi, which is divided to a sub kingdom, seven phylos, and ten subphylos.
XYZ Characteristics
In front of the introduction of molecular methods for phylogenetic analysis, taxonomists considered the functions of being members of the Plant Kingdom, because of vital activities: with organs and plants, they are mostly nonmobile, and they have similar general morphology and habitats of growth.
Resimilating plants, sape fustos vegeta in solo, and champinoes particularly form conspicuous fruiting bodies, which have been resilient to plants such as flies.
The surroundings are now considered to be a separate kingdom, distinct from plants and animals, from which they appear to have diverged for about a million years.
141 ENDOFPAGE
There's some monological, biochimic and genetic characters that are common with other organizations, but others are unique to the mushrooms, clearly separating them from the other kingdom:
Common characters:
With other eukaryotes: fungal cells contain mindful membranes - bound with chromosomes containing DNA with regions not calling intruders and areas called exones.
Additionally, fusses possess membranely - linked to cytoplasmic organs such as mythochondrios, sterol -continent membranes, and ribomes of the 80s type.
They have an extensive characterization of soluble charcoal hydrates and imagazinal compounds, including the use of alcohols (for example, manipul), disaccharities, (for example, trehalos), and polysaccharides (for example, glycogen, which are also found in animals).
With animals: Fungoes don't have chloropsies, and they're heterotrophic organizations, they need foreshadowing organic compounds like an energetic source.
With plants, rung is a small cell and vacuolas.
It is produced by methods with sexual and asexual methods, and similar groups of plants (such as threads and flies) produce spores.
Similar to muscles and seaweeds, groups have haploid nuclei
142 ENDOFPAGE
With euglenoids and bacterium: Higher figs, euglenoids, and some bacterium produce the master -acid L-lysin in specific biosynthetic steps, called the α-amino-adipate way.
The cells of most backgrounds grow like tubular and filamentous structures called hyphae, which can contain multiple nuclei and spread to their bees.
Each pebble contains a collection of aggregated vesicles - cell structures consist of protein, lipid, and other organic mills - called Spitzenkorper.
With figs and oomycetes growing like hyphal filamentous cells.
By contrast, like that, it seems like a filamentous green algas, growing by repeated cell division in a chain of cells.
Common with a few species of plants and animals, plus 60 species of fungal shows the phenomenon of bioluminescentity.
One-off characters:
A few species grow like unicellaneous levatures that are reproducing by gemation or binary fission.
Dimorphic fungoes can change between a leval and a hyphal sentence in response to the surrounding conditions.
The parables of the fungal cells are composed of glucanes and chitin; while the first compounds are also found in plants and the second in the exoskelets of arthropods, the functions are the only organs that combine the two structural mills in their cell walls.
143 ENDOFPAGE
In contrast to plants and oomycetes, parables of fungal cells do not contain cellulose.
Most of the bodies do not have an effective system for transporting food water to long distances, such as chylema and phloem in many plants.
To overcome these limits, some functions for example, for example, for Armillaria, forms rhizomorphs, which are resilient and exalts similar to the roots of plants.
Other common characteristics include a biosynthetic way to produce mevalonic and pyrophosphotic acids like chimic compounds.
However, plants have an additional chimic way to the third in their chloropses, a structure of donkeys doesn't belong.
Fungos produce more secondary metabolites that are similar to or identity in the structure of these made by plants.
Many of the zymos of plants and figs that make these composites defile from the other in the following and other characteristics, which indicate separate origins and evolution of these enzymas.
XYZ Diversity
Fungos have a worldwide distribution, and see in many habitats, including extreme surroundings such as deserts or regions with high salt concentrates or ion radiation, also as in deep sea sediments.
144 ENDOFPAGE
Around 100,000 species of functionings have been formally described by taxonomists, but the world's biodiversity of the Fungi Kingdom is not fully understood.
Based on the observations of the fungal species number to the numbers of the plant species in the selected surroundings, the fungal kingdom was estimated to contain about 1.5 million species; one more recent (2011) estimate suggests the possibility of more than five million species.
XYZ Morphology
XYZ Strúcturas microscopistas
Most fusses grow like hyphaes, which are cylindric, filamentous structures 2 - 10 am in the diameter and up to several centimeters in length.
Hyphas grow to their extremities (apics); new hyphae are usually made up of new, pre-existent aperities by a process called a_ramification_, or rarely grow forked hyphal bees, leading to two parallels -crescent hyphaes.
The combination of apical growth and bifurcating lead to the development of a bicycle, an interconnected net of hyphae.
Hyphas can be either septat or coenocyte.
Seven-hyphs are divided into compartments separated by transverse walls, sevens.
In contrast, coenocyte hyphae have no separate cells; they are extremely multi-nucleated supercells.
145 ENDOFPAGE
Many species have developed the development of hyphal structures to enter the nutholes of living guests; they include haustories in parasitic species of plants in a few fungal phylos, and arbuskets of small millows, which penetrate the cells of the nightingale.
XYZ Macroscopical Structuras
Fugal diseases can be visible to the unaided eye, for example, on different surfaces and substratums, such as wet walls and on the watery food, where they are commonly called muttons.
Mycelios grew on the medium of solid water in the laboratory Petri plates are usually referred to as colonies.
These colonies may exhibit forms of growth and colors (because of spores or pigmentation) which may be used as diagnostic characters in the identification of species or groups.
There are several individual colonies that can reach extraordinarily sizes and age, such as in the case of a clonal colony of some (Armillaria solidipes_), which are spread across an area of more than 900 square miles (3.5 square) with an estimated age of nearly 9,000 years.
The apothecio - a specialised structure in sexual reproduction in accommodations - is a fruitful body that contains the hymenio, a way of the fabric to contain the spore cells.
The fruiting bodies of the basidiomycetes (basidiocarps) and a few accommodations can be a few times old, very large, and many are familiar as champignants.
146 ENDOFPAGE
XYZ Reproduction
Fungal reproduction is complex, reflecting the differences in lifestyles and genetic composition in this different realm of organizations.
It is dear that a third of all functions shall be used more than a method of propagation; for example, the performance may result in two different stages in the life cycle of a species, the teleomorph and the anamorph.
Environmental conditions may require the development of different stages leading to the creation of specialised structures for sexual or asexual reproduction.
These structures are effective in helping to spread spores or spore propagules.
XYZ Sprinkle Dispersion
With asexual and sexual spores or sporangospores, the saepe is actively damaged by ejection by strength from its reproductive structures.
This ejection shall ensure the exit of the spores from the reproductive structures as to spread through the aer through long distances.
XYZ Evolution
In contrast to plants and animals, the old fossil history of the foundry is thin.
147 ENDOFPAGE
Factors which contribute to the underrepresentation of fungal species between fossils include the nature of fungal fruit, which are soft, fleshy, and easy degradable types and the microscope sizes of most parts of the fungal structures, which are not of a good evident degree.
XYZ Classification
XYZ Supertaxes
Though common included in botannical curricula and text books, figs are more likely to be related to animals than plants and are situated with animals in the monophyletic group of opisthontos.
Analyses use the molecular phylogenetics support a monophyletic origin of the mushrooms.
The taxon of the funds is to change quickly, especially because of recent research based on DNA comparisons.
XYZ Subtaxines
Phylos (a few times called divisions) of functionings have been classified mainly on the basis of characters of its reproductive structures.
Nowadays, seven phylos are proposed:
Ascomycota, a common knowledge of the functionings of sacrificing or accommodating, makes up the largest tax group in the Eumycota.
148 ENDOFPAGE
These surroundings form meiotic spores called aspores, which are closed in a special sacrificial structure called an asco.
These phylos include morelos, a few other champinoes and truffles, single-celled levatures, and many filamentous fungos live as saprotrophos, parasitic, and mutualistic symbionts.
Prominent and important generates filamentous ascomycetes include Aspergillus, _Penicillium_, _Fusarium_, and _Claviceps_.
Members of the Basidiomycota, commonly known as the fusteal fuscous or basidiomycetes, produce meiosporas called basidiospores on the fusteoid peduns called basidios.
Most of the common champinoes belong to this group, and even the rustos and utilagoos, which are greater and larger pathogenes of grains.
Chytridiomycota is commonly called chytridios.
These funds are distributed worldwide.
Chytridios produces zoos that are capable of active movement with a single scourge, leading first taxonomists to classify them as Protista.
The Blastocladiomycota was considered to be a taxonic key in the Chytridiomycota.
The blastocladiomycetos are saprotrophos, nourishing themselves with organic material, and they are also parasitic to all Eucharyotic groups.
149 ENDOFPAGE
Members of the Glomeromycota form arbuscular mycorrhia, a type of symbosis in which fungal hyphaes invades radical cells of plants and with spices benefit from the increased food supply.
All sorts of glomeromycota are asexually reproducing. Symbiotic association between Glomeromycota and ancient plants is evidently dated back to 400 million years.
Phylogenetic analysis showed that the microsporidian, single-cell parasites of animals and prosthetes, is almost recent and very derived from endobiotic functioning (living in the weave of another species).
The Neocalimastigomycota was first situated in the Chytridomycota thread.
Members of this little phylo are anaerobian organs, living in the digestive systems of larger herbivorous and possibly in other land and aquatic surroundings.
XYZ Fungoid organizations
Because of the likenesses and vital stilts, the bright mutes (myxycetos) and watery mucores (oomycetos) were previously classified in the kingdom Fungi.
Verily melts, the cellular walls of these organizations contain cellula and have no chitina.
Myxomycetos are unikonos like fugos, but are grouped in the Amoebozos.
150 ENDOFPAGE
Oomycetos is diploids bikontos and is grouped in the Chromalveolate kingdom.
No watering mucores or limousing mucores are proximously related to the real mushrooms, and, therefore, taxonomists don't already group them in the kingdom Fungi.
However, studies of the oomycetes and myxycetes are still saepe, including mycological textbooks and primary research literature.
XYZ Ecology
Though the unconspicuous saepe, all the functionings in all the surroundings on Earth and all the more important rocks in the ecosystems.
Together with bacterium, the functions are the greatest decomponitors on the most part of the earth's (some aquatic) ecosystems, and so that there is a critical role in biogeochemical cycles and many food nets.
XYZ Symbiosis
Many cities have important sympathetic relations with organizations of almost all kingdoms.
These interventions may be mutual or anointing in character, or in the event of the common functions, they are of no appearance to the benefit or detriment to the feast.
XYZ With plants
151 ENDOFPAGE
Mycorrhizal symbiosis between plants and functionings is one of the best known plant, and is of significance to plant growth and lingering in many ecosystems; of more than 90 percent of all species of plants are involved in mycorrhizal relations and are dependent on those relations for survival.
XYZ With Algas and Cyanobacteria
Lichenes is made up of a sympathetic relationship between algas or cyanobacteria (referred to in lichenic terminology as photobionts) and figs (mainly various species of ascomycetes and a little basidiomycetes), in which individual cells of the photobion are included in a weave formed by the function.
XYZ With insects
Many insects are also involved in mutual relations with functions.
Many groups of formics are growing in the order (Agaricals) as their primary source of food, and the ambrosial colony is growing various species of figs in the fruit of trees they are infested with.
XYZ Pathogens and Parasites
Many bodies are parasitic plants, animals (including humans), and other backgrounds.
XYZ Human uses
The use of functions for food preparation or preservation and other objects is extensive with a long history.
152 ENDOFPAGE
Cultivation and collection of champignants are large industry in many countries.
Because of this group's ability to produce a large selection of natural products with antimicrobial or other biological activities, many species have been used for a long time, or are used for industrial production of anti-biotics, vitamins, and anti-cancer and cholesterol -reducing pharmacists.
XYZ Pharmacos
Many species produce metabolites that are major sources of pharmacologicalally active drugs.
Particularly important is the antibiotics, including penicillins, a structurally-related group of β-lactam antiques which are synonymized with small sins.
Of course, he has a limited type of biologic activity, a large selection of other penicillins can be produced by chimic modification of natural penicillins.
XYZ Cultured food
Leaning bread or saccaromyces cerevisiae, a single-celled fun, is used to make bread and other fruit based on products, such as pizza paste and bolettes.
Breeding species of the gene (Saccharomyces_) is also used for the production of alcohol drinks (as wine and beer) for fermentation.
153 ENDOFPAGE
Shoyu koji mucor (_Aspergillus oryzae_) is an essential ingredient in making Shoyu (soy sauce) and sake, and preparing me, and _Rhizopus_species is used to make tempeh.
Some of these found species are cleansed of spices that were chosen according to their ability to make food without producing evil toxins (see below), which are produced by pre-cognate _Aspergilli_.
XYZ Myco toxins
Many groups produce biologically active composites, many of which are toxic to animals or plants and so are called myco toxins.
XYZ Guigna
The gugna (_Leopardus guigna_), etimam kodkod or catto chilen, is a shy fairy who dwells in Chile and Argentina.
This parishioner of South America is a cognate of Geoffroy's cat.
The two species are separated by the Andes.
XYZ Characteristics
The gum has a colored skin varying between grey and ochreous - a covering of black scales.
There are also all melancholy copies.
The tail is ringed.
154 ENDOFPAGE
The flanks are lighter and the lower part are white.
A distinct black streak is spread over the neck.
The face has almost no scales.
The gum of Geoffroy's cat by the thickest tail and the slightest head.
It reaches a length of 40 to 52 centimeters and a weight of two to three kilograms.
The tail is between 17 and 25 centimeters long.
XYZ Behaviour
It's about a lonely, nocturnal animal that hunts for birds, milks and small mammifers like muses and rats.
Good climber, he's catching his prey on the ground and in the trees.
It's probably active during the day, but generally it's hidden among the tall grasses.
His hidden life-like manner limits knowledge of the species.
This pencil of hidden life has protected it against the shard of skins.
However, its limited diffusion makes the destruction of habitat a major threat.
155 ENDOFPAGE
XYZ Diffusion
The gum is found in cold and temperate forests and in open areas with trees in Central and South Chile and West Argentina, from the foot of the Andes to the edge of trees at 2500 metres of altitude.
It is the only fairy on the island of Chiloé.
The gum is the most general in mixed and wet forests with a rich undergrowth of plants like Bambu, but dwells also other types of forest up to the edge of the agricole areas.
XYZ Libertarian Party (Spany)
The Libertarian or P-LIB Party (olym Partido del Libertat Individual) is a Spanish political party of freedom ideology established in 2009 and today concerned by Juan Pina.
The statutes of the party allude as the main influence of classical liberalism, rationalism and the objective of Ayn Rand.
Also, its programme includes many characteristic ideas from the Austrian Economic and Anarcho-Capitalism Schola, such as the _Faciar_ or the beginning of non-intervention.
XYZ Election results
The P-LIB for the first time ran for an election in the general elections of 2011 in the meetings of Madrid and Zaragoza, obtaining around 7000 votes in the Senate and 2076 votes in the Congress of the Diputes.
156 ENDOFPAGE
Three years later, the party will participate again in the elections to the European Parliament of 2014, obtaining 9644 votes (0.06%) in the single description containing all Spain.
In the municipal and auto-nomic elections of 2015, the P-LIB presented its data in the areas without obtaining municipal or parliamentary representation.
In the general elections of 2015, the game was presented by the meetings of Alicante, Cadiz, Madrid, Málaga and Seville.
With 2833 votes for the Congress, it had no representation.
XYZ Marcelo H.
Pilar
Marcelo Hilario del Pilar y Gatmaitan (30 August 1850 - 4 June 1896) writer and hero philippin, born in Bulacan (Luzon) in 1850 and day in Barcelona in 1896.
The seventh of ten, a son of Julian Hilario del Pilar and Blasa Gatmaitan, was born in a family and prospered from the city of Cupang, the province of Bulacan.
When an order of Governor-General Clavería was promulgated in 1849 for the people to adopt Spanish names, they are the subdits of the Empire, and to get the name of Hilario, a word indicating their marketer's profession.
He was in Manila to study at the College of San Jose, where his title of Bachiller in Artes was received.
He continued his education at the University of Santo Tomás.
157 ENDOFPAGE
From Pilar was a reformer for a more open associate and not a conservative for political independence; as the leader of the Filipino student movement who made a proposal in Espania, he contributed to the periode _La Solidarity_ en Madrid where he proposed the sysquitor agenda: Let the Philippines be a province of Spain; Representation in the Courts (the parliament); Let the chief priests be appointed to replace the Spanish, free of meeting and of exchange; and equality before the laws of the nations.
XYZ Lisburn
Lisburn (_Lisburn_English, et _Lios na gCaarrbhach_ Irish) is a city (founded 1620s) in Contato Antrim et Contato Down, Northern Ireland.
The city contains 71,465 full (in 2001), and 42035 fuller in the local region.
Here the third largest city in Northern Ireland, second to Belfast and Londonderry.
The river in Lisburn is Lagan (_Lagan_).
In the middle of Lisburn are numerous shops, and the commercial areas, including the Lisburn Square (English: Lisburn Square), the large 'Bow Street Mall', and 'Centro Srucefield' (English: 'Sprucefield Centre').
XYZ Rege
The kingdom is the highest monarchical title under the emperor, and indicates the head of a monarch.
158 ENDOFPAGE
The equivalent of a female is called a queen.
On the other hand, there were a few tribes and people who were called to the chief authority.
In the beginning the king was often chosen, but the title became hereditary.
Not all the monarchs are called kings or queens: in the monk and in the head of the state is a prince and in Luxembourg a great man.
The kings had originally as crown on their cloaks a golden band with leafy decorations.
The king, being the highest person in the land, is not part of the nobility, but he is superior to it.
XYZ European kingdoms
Several kingdoms in Europe have existed through the ages.
Some disappeared by conquest, others by merger.
XYZ European kingdoms
Belgium
Denmark
Espania.
Norvegia,
159 ENDOFPAGE
The Lower Islands,
- United Kingdom
Sweden,
XYZ Ex-European kingdoms
Francia
Italy,
Greece
Yugoslavia
Romania
Bulgaria
Portugal
--Lobany
Polonia
ZYZ Historical European Kingdoms
Holy Roman Empire of the Germanic Nation
Navarilla
Scotland
160 ENDOFPAGE
England
Polonia
Hungary.
Burgundy
XYZ Current African kingdoms
Lesotho
- Morocco,
- Eswatini
There are traditional figures at the sub-national or customary level in more republics (South Africa, Burkina Faso, Cameroon, Coast of Ebore, Ghana, Uganda...).
XYZ Kingdoms of the Middle East
--Saudi Arabia
- Bahrain
Share it! Emirates Arab United
Jordan
- Oman.
Qatar
161 ENDOFPAGE
XYZ Asian kingdoms
- Brunei
Cambodgia,
Japan
- Malaysia
- Thai
XYZ American kingdoms
XYZ Current American Kingdoms
Antigua and Barbuda
- Bahamas
Barbados,
Belize,
Canada
Grenada
- Jamaica
St. Christophor and Nevis,
Sancte Lucia
162 ENDOFPAGE
- Sancte Vincente and the Grenadinas
XYZ Ex-American kingdoms
Guyana
Haiti
Brazil and Mexico were also monarchies for part of the 19th century, but the title of their ducats was imperator and non-rege.
XYZ Current Oceanic Kingdoms
Australia
New Zealand
- Papua New Guinea
Salomon Insulas
Tonga,
Tuvalu,
XYZ References
XYZ Vide etimam
Master's Plural
Royalism
163 ENDOFPAGE
XYZ Åsmund Knutson
Åsmund Knutson was born on May 12, 1933 in Oslo, Norway, the son of Kristoffer and Sign Emilie Knutson.
He studied to become a civil engineer at the University of Glasgow and the Royal College of Science and Technology.
He served as a body and a temporary sergeant in field artillery between 1952 and 1954.
Since 1958 he was a member of the Association of Norwegian Civil Ingenieros (Norske Sivilingeniørers Forening).
He is also a member of the Vegetarian Society of Judee and the Society of Samaritan Studios.
And in more ways, a hypnosis-practitioner.
He has been a religious minister since 1973.
In 1991, he got his Ph.D.
in the nutritional science of the Life Science Institute.
He presented a speech to the Second World Conference on Urine Therapy,
In addition, he was very much involved in Ringerike Senterparti, a Norwegian political party.
164 ENDOFPAGE
His first interesse in Interlingua led him to become the member of the Danish Union for Interlingua, but with the help of Ole and Dagrun Øiseth, they founded the Norwegian Union for Interlingua (NU), on 27 April 1992.
Åsmund Knutson served as his first president.
Åsmund Knutson married his wife Ruth in 1959 and they have three children: Toril, Yngvill and Kristoffer (and also 12 great children).
Åsmund Knutson received his pension as an English in June of 1998.
And in November, 2001, Åsmund Knutson became chairman of the NEU another time.
XYZ Evolution
Evolution (as known as biological or organic evolution) is the process of changing inherited treatments that are found in peoples of organizations.
These inherited treatments are notable, anatomical or biochemical or behavioural characters, which can be passed down from a generation to the following.
Evolution is possible when there is a variety of murders inherited in a population.
Principle sources of evolution include mutation, genetic recombination, and genetic flow.
165 ENDOFPAGE
Evolution has caused the diversification of all living organizations of a common elder, which were called by Charles Darwin as endless forms, the most beautiful and the most beautiful.
XYZ Mechanisms
There are four common mechanisms of evolution.
The first mechanism is natural selection, the process in which there are different reasons for survival or reproducing which is different for each inherited treatment.
The second mechanism is legal, the process in which there are random changes between two or more tasks inherited among a population.
The third mechanism is mutation, where there is a permanent change in a DNA sequency.
The fourth mechanism is genetic flow, in which the people's genes are incorporated into the other.
Evolution can cause speciality in which a ancestral species becomes two or more different species.
Speciation is visible in anatomical and genetic similarities between population, geographical distribution, species-of-the-ffin and fossil history, and genetic changes noted across various generations.
Specialization process lasts after 500 000 thousand years since life exists on Earth.
166 ENDOFPAGE
XYZ Science
The scientific study of evolution began in the 19th century, when research in the history of fossils and diversity of living organizations has convinced the majority of scientists that there is evolution.
The mechanism of evolution was not known until the natural selection theory was proposed by Charles Darwin and Alfred Wallace (regardless) in 1858.
In the 20th century, Darwinian theories of evolution were combined with genetics, palaeontology and systematics, and it was created by the modern evolutionary synonym.
This synthese became the primary principle of biology, for it provided a consistent and uniform explanation for the history and diversity of life.
Today, the study of evolution is applied to various studies such as conservation biology, developmental biology, ecology, psychology, paleontology and medicine.
Out of biology, the ideas of modern evolutionary synthese have involved agriculture, anthropology, philosophy and psychology.
XYZ History
Before the work of Charles Darwin, the study of evolution was not scientific, but carried out by natural storytellers.
167 ENDOFPAGE
For example, the majority of the natural storytellers of him were convinced of the idea of a kind relating to their teachings or ideas; present-day individuals could be either good or bad examples of their idea.
But natural scientists began to see natural patrons as statistic; in other words, they were reassuring and undetermined.
Thomas Robert Malthus had this approach to human population in his work (English) (An Essay on the Principle of Population_ which influential Darwin.
Initiating with Darwin, species were built in statistical terms.
Darwin made up his idea of natural selection in 1838, and he still made up his theory in 1858 when Alfred Russel Wallace commanded him with a similar theory.
They were both presented to the Linnean Society of London as separate speeches.
At the end of 1859, the publication of _Super-Origin of the Species_ by Darwin presented evidence, causing the late performance of evolution.
Thomas Henry Huxley applied the ideas of Darwin to humans, using palaeontology and comparative anatomy to ensure that humans and apes have a common age.
The debate of evolution mechanisms continued, and Darwin could not explain the source of the hereditary variations that can be changed by natural selection.
168 ENDOFPAGE
Similar to Jean-Baptiste-Lamarck, he already believed that his parents were going through the adaptations of his life, a theory called lamarckism.
In the years of 1880, experiments by August Weismann pointed out that the changes of the usage and development were not hereditary, and the lamarckism was unbelieved.
In 1865, Gregor Mendel discovered that the treatments were inherited in a predictable way.
When his work was discovered in the year of 1900, the efforts between the reasons for the evolution by these models caused a rift between the Mendelian and the Darwinian models of evolution.
This tradition between the work of Darwin and Mendel was reconciled in the years of 1920 and 1930 by evolving biologists like J.B.S.
Haldane, Sewall Wright, and Ronald Fisher, who created the foundation for a population rider.
XYZ Cathedral of Sancte Paul (London)
Paul's Cathedral is an English cathedral in London and one of the most famous churches in the United Kingdom.
It is the cathedral of London's Episco, the third-most senior cleric of England's Ecclesia.
At least three cathedrals with a dedication to the apostle Paul has stood at the place after 604.
169 ENDOFPAGE
It is not clear whether the original cathedral is the same cathedral that was destroyed in a fire in 1087, which destroyed many of the cities.
A new cathedral was built between 1087 and 1240 with gothic architecture and a high needle.
This cathedral (_Old St.
Paul's_) was one of the longest and highest church in the world and a religious, commercial and cultural centre.
This cathedral was destroyed in the Great Fire of London in 1666.
The running cathedral was designated by Christopher Wren in an English Baroque architectural style and with a famous cup.
The cathedral is the largest church in the United Kingdom, after the City of Liverpool, and was the highest building in London from 1710 to 1963.
It has been a scene of many events, including the funerals of Horatio Nelson, Arthur Welley, Duke of Wellington, Winston Churchill and Margaret Thatcher, Jubilees of Victoria and Elizabeth II, the beginning of the Festival of Britain and the weddings of Charles, Prince of Galles and Dama Diana Spencer.
The cathedral is a major tourist attraction and is also a functioning church.
XYZ Tectonic
170 ENDOFPAGE
Tectonic studies the processes governing the structure and properties of the Earth's crust, and its temporary evolution.
Particularly, it describes the processes of amassing mountains, the growth and behaviour of the strong, the ancient nuclei of the continents called the crates, and the roads in which there are relatively rigid plates, which make up the earth's outer staircase, with an interagement like each other.
Tectonics as it provides a concept system for understanding the areas of seisms and volcanoes that affect a lot of global population.
Tectonic studies are important for understanding eroding patterns in geomorphology and how guides to economic geologist search for oil and metallic ores.
XYZ Ian Murdock
Ian Ashley Murdock (April 28, 2015) was a specialist software engineer who knew how to be the founder of the Debian and Progeny Linux Systems project, a commercial Linux company.
It also develops the Open Solaris operation system project when it works for Sun Microsystems to achieve its acquisition by Oracle Corporation.
XYZ Comet Halley
Halley's comet, the official 1P/Halley, is a short-period comet, visible from Earth every 75-76 years.
171 ENDOFPAGE
Halley is the only short-period comet that is often visible to the eye of the earth, and the only visible comet that could appear twice during the life of a human.
Halley appeared for the last time in the inner parts of the solar system in 1986 and will appear again in the middle of 2061.
XYZ Denomination
The comet is called according to its explorer Edmund Halley.
XYZ Exploration
It was depoised by the invention of the telescope that the astronomers began to study the comets with more detali, advirting thin than the majority of them make periodic apparitions.
Edmund Halley was the first person to notice this and predicted the appearance of Halley's comet in 1758, which was calculated to have a period of 76 years.
Unfortunately, he died before he came to his prediction.
On the different side of the planets, the comets become very small and with very long orbits, which make us see them for a little while, and only when they are near to the sun.
XYZ Description
The tails of the comets become considered sizes.
In the case of Halley's comet in his 1910 apparition, his caud came to meet about 30 thousand thousand miles of kilometers - the Earth has a diameter of approximately 12 thousand kilometers.
172 ENDOFPAGE
XYZ Marie Curie
Marie Curie (Polish name: Maria Skłodowska -Curie, born Maria Salomea Skłodowska; Varsovich, November 7, 1867 - Sallanches, June 4, 1934) was a French physique of Portuguese origin, and one of the four persons who won the Nobel Prize two times.
She discovered the radio activity of horium, and she sobbed two new elements: pologium and radium.
She is one of the four persons who won the Nobel Prize for two years: she won the Nobel Prize for Physician with her husband, Pierre Curie in 1903, and (after the death of Pierre) for Chimia alone in 1911.
She died at the age of 66 years of aplastic anxiety caused by extended exposure to radiation.
XYZ Chalcogenos
The chalcogens are the chimic elements in group 16 of the periodic tabella.
It consists of the oxygenous (O), sulfide (S), selenium (Se), tellurium (tea), the polynomium (Po), and the critical elements of the (Lv) element.
XYZ Appointments
This group is also noticed as the family of oxygen.
173 ENDOFPAGE
Even though all group 16 elements include oxygenos is defined as chalcogens, oxygenos and oxides are usually distinguished from chalcogens and chalcogens.
The chalcogenid term is more commonly reserved for sulphides, seleniates, and tellurates, than for oxydos.
If the word is spoken by chalcogen, it is derived literally from Greek words with the meaning of copper. The meaning is more likely to be made of copper ore or more generally ore-formatting.
These electronegative elements are strongly associated with minerals that contain metals, where it is made up of water-insolubable compounds with metals in minerals.
XYZ Properness
Members of this group shall display similar patrons in their electronic configuration, especially the outermost basins, resulting from similar trends of chimic conduct.
Oxygen and sulphur are non-metals, and selenium, tellurium, and polonium are metallic semiconductors (with properties between them of a metal and an insulator).
However, the common telurum and selenium are referred to as metal when in elemental form.
It's common like minerals, metallic calcogenides.
For example, pyrite (FeS2) is an iron ore.
The rare calaverite mineral is the Aute2 ditelluride.
174 ENDOFPAGE
The most common formal oxydation number of chalcogenous compounds is -2.
Other values, like a pyrate, can be achieved.
The highest number of formal oxydation +6 is found in sulfates, selects, and tellurates, such as sulfur acid (H2SO4) or sodium select (Na2SeO4).
XYZ Hjalmar Söderberg
Hjalmar Söderberg is a Swedish author of the 20th century.
He was quite confused during his life, but his work is still read today.
His style has a trivial modulation and is clear, modic, exact and ironic.
He was active in the social debate and considered to be a very good descriptor of Stockholm.
He remains, for allvarsamma leken (in interlingua, under the title (the serious game), his last beauty, was already in the year of 1940 called the only important remain of the love of our literature). But it also evoked criticism because of the story of an extraconjugation.
XYZ Youth and education
Hjalmar Söderberg was born 1869 in Stockholm, in a part of the city called Östermalm.
He had a sister, Frida, who was a younger year.
175 ENDOFPAGE
His father was a recorder in an administrative authority.
In the school he was often exposed to cruelty and physic and psychology by the shops and schoolrooms, and the court of the school was a room of torture for him, as testified by the author and poet Bo Bergman, a friend in all his life who went to the same school, Norra Latin.
After the school, he began at the University of Uppsala, but misliked his extremity of reading books, for many years, he ended up after a few months 1890.
At the age of 20 he began to write criticism in Dagens Nyheter.
XYZ Family Life
During the year of 1899 he was married to Märta Abenius and had three children.
After 1906 they once lived in Copenhagen.
In 1907 he met the Danish-born Emelie Voss in Mölle, Sweden, and was only in love with her in 1917 after the divorce from Märtha, he married her.
Only in January 1919 was he actually recorded as Danish, which he was to his death in 1941.
He lived in several places in Copenhagen and its settlements.
176 ENDOFPAGE
With Emelie, there was a Betty daughter who was a successful actress and married Hakon Stangerup, a literary story.
They had two children, Henrik Stangerup and Helle Stangerup and these great children of Jarmil, both of whom became authors.
Hjalmar Söderberg is buried in a family tomb in the cemetery of Vestre Kirkegård in Copenhagen.
XYZ Litterary Life
For several years he was employed in the general direction of the customs.
In the years 1891 -1892 he worked as a culture newspaperman in Kristianstadsbladet.
Then he returned to Stockholm and began to write criticism in Dagens Nyheter and Ord och Bild.
In 1897 he was placed in the group around the author Verner von Heidenstam who had taken possession of the newspaper Svenska Dagbladet.
This became an important platform that brought him regular subsistence.
He worked in the editorial office until 1908 as a critic and author of columns.
Then he was overwhelmed as a culture journalist.
177 ENDOFPAGE
In 1908 he began as the author of the Romans and the first was Förvillelser 1895 (Confusions).
Doktor Glas (Doctor Glas) is for many considered to be lingually perfect and the best written in the Swedish language.
His last traditional remains were Den allvarsamma leken 1912 (Serious play).
It woke up to many different reactions.
Some considered it to be a great and emotionful thing of love, as others thought of it as a failure.
One critic in the years of 1940, Ingemar Wizelius, considered it to be the most important way of the love of our literature.
Today the appreciation seems to have survived more than the disapproval.
Hjalmar Söderberg had a love story with Maria von Platen, which has evidently turned out in the land of the world, for God's allvarsamma leken, but also in Gertrud's play.
During the years of 1925 -1940 he was a co-worker in Gothenburg Handels - och Sjöfartstidning where he, like Torgny Ségerstedt, the famous editor in chief, wrote very critical articles against Naziism and its self-crats.
His production was very great, and he wrote, poems, novels, columns of newspapers, literature and theatre, Romans and dramas.
178 ENDOFPAGE
He has also translated several foreign books, p. ex.
by Anatole France, Guy de Maupassant, Alfred de Musset and Heinrich Heine.
He had a lively correspondence, and.a.
with Danish author Georg Brandes, and Bo Bergman and many of these letters are published.
His works are translated in at least 20 languages.
In 2012 there will be a translation in the interlingua del libro (Den allvarsamma leken) which will be printed and sold by Lulu.com.
During his last years he wrote more and more in more less beautiful literature, but he was interested in the science of religion e.g.
in Den förvandlade Messias (the Messiah transformed) where he feels that Jesus and Barabbas were the same person.
He naturally woke up in criticism when he was critical of Christianity.
Archispon Nathan Söderblom wrote once that these works of Söderberg belong to them that are to be neglected with silence.
He often engaged in debates about current ideas of day-to-day life.
179 ENDOFPAGE
XYZ Philatelia
When the hundredth of his birth was celebrated, the Swedish Post published a stamp with a portrait of Söderberg, which awakened a certain interest.
The paint was made by Martin Lam and the gravel by Arne Wallhorn, and when he studies the stamp, he can perceive that a woman with long hair sits in the author's knee.
He was overwhelmed by his affairs, with different women.
Partially because of these issues he finally sent to Copenhagen.
XYZ James Cook
James Cook (November 7, 1728 - February 14, 1779) was an English explorer, navigator, and cartographer who reached the rank of Captain in the Royal Navy (regal fleet) of the United Kingdom.
Cook was famous as the cartographer who made maps of the New Land, and as the explorer on the Pacific Ocean made him the first European to visit the eastern coast of Australia and the Hawaiian Island, and he was the first explorer to make a circle of New Zealand.
Cook took over the British merchant marine as a young man and took over the Royal Navy in 1755.
He took part of the War of Seven Years, and then made maps of the whole entrance of the river of Sancte Laurentio during the siege of Quebec.
180 ENDOFPAGE
He helped General Wolfe make his famous stealth assault on the Plains of Abraham, and he helped the young Cook to be noticed by admiration and the Royal Society.
This notice was at a crucial time in its career and the direction of British naval navigation, and caused its commission in 1766 as a place of the South Bark Endeavour for the first of three Pacific journeys.
Cook made maps of several areas and remembered several islands and coasts for European maps for the first time.
Its fulfilment may be ascribed to a combination of good manovre, higher skill of leveling and cartographing, courage to explore pericul dwellings to learn the true facts (for example, to cross the Antarctic cycle and to explore the Grand Barrier of Coralo), the ability to perform in adverse conditions, and to deal with their explorations and to exceed their mandates.
Cook died in Hawaii in a fight against the Hawaiian people during his third journey to the Pacific in 1779.
XYZ Young Life
Cook was born with a humble life in the town of Marton in Yorkshire (which is today a suburb of the village of Middlesbrough).
He was baptized in the local church of St.
Cuthbert, where you can see his name today in the island register.
181 ENDOFPAGE
Cook was one of the five children of James Cook and his wife Grace Pace (a local woman).
In the year 1736, his family moved to the firm, Airey Holme, in Great Ayton, where his father's clerk, Thomas Skottowe, paid for the education of the young James in a local school (that today is a museum).
In 1741, after five years of school, he began to work under his father, who was forward to the director of the firm.
When he had a few hours left, he went up to the next hill, Roseberry Topping, a man who gave the young Cook a taste for exploration and adventure that lasted all his life.
(The final house of his fathers, Cook's Cottage, now in Melbourne; he was moved from England and reassembled, bricked by brick in 1934.)
In 1745, at the age of 16, Cook moved 20 miles (32 km) to the country's village of Staithes to become the apprentice of a chapel and speciality.
Like a learner there, he could see the sea by the window of his shop.
His thoughts gave him a wish to go out of the sea.
After 18 months, it was clear that he was not skilled with the work of a shop.
That's why his clerk William introduced him to John and Henry Walker in the port of Whitby.
182 ENDOFPAGE
The Walkers were prominent in their community; they were Quakers, they owned ships, and they were in the coal trade.
(Lor domo today is the Captain Cook Memorial Museum.)
Cook became an apprentice in the merchant marine in his small flotillas carrying coal on the coast of England.
His first assignment was to the colliery of Freelove_; he spent several years in this and other coasts between the Tyne and London River.
As part of his term as an apprentice, Cook applied himself to the study of algebra, geometry, trigonometry, navigation and astronomy, skills which a captain of a ship of the age had to know.
At the end of the third and final year of learning, Cook began his work on merchant ships in the Baltic.
He was skilled, and for this time he went forward to the merchant marine's degree, initiating with his promotion to his master's degree (the officer loaded with the ship's navigation) in the colliery of the ship.
Less than a month after he had offered a command of his own ship, he joined the Royal Navy's service, which was prepared in which the War of Seven Annes became.
In armed forces, his career was better off, even if he had to start his career at the bottom of the hierarch.
XYZ Family
183 ENDOFPAGE
Cook was married to Elizabeth Batts (1742-1835), the daughter of Samuel Batts (a priest of the Bell Inn in Wapping and one of his servants) in 21 December 1762 in the church of St.
Margaret in Barking, Essex.
They had six sons: James (1763-1794), Nathaniel (1764 - 1781), Elizabeth (1767 -1771), Joseph (1768 -1768), George (1772 -1772) and Hugh (1776 -1793).
When he was not overseas, he lived in the East End of London.
He attended the church of St.
Paul in Shadwell, where his son James was baptized.
(There is a plaque on the Stepney Historical Trust in Free Trade Wharf on the Highway, Shadwell that commemorates his life there.)
XYZ Carrier in the Royal Navy
In June 7, 1755, Cook joined the Royal Navy at Wapping, for he believed that a war was imminent.
His first post was under Hugh Palliser in March 1756 with a degree of boatswain.
In the first two years after the Royal Navy was established, Cook tried the master's exam at Trinity House, U.S.A., and called him to sail a ship of the king's fleet.
Then he took over the Miss Solebay_ like a maestro under Captain Robert Craig.
184 ENDOFPAGE
In this capacity he served in more minor action around the British Island.
During the War of the Seven Years, he served in North America as the master of _HMS Pembroke_.
In 1758 he was part of the amphibious assault that captured Louisburg from the French.
Later, Cook took part in the siege of Quebec, before the Battle of the Plains of Abraham.
He had a talent for cartographing and grumbling, and made maps of a large part of the St. Lawrence River during the siege which was allowed by General Wolfe to make his famous stealth assault on Abraham's Plans.
When Cook returned to London, he married his love, but he would be at the same time overseas again.
Cook's skills as a farmer were exercised in the sixteenth century when he made maps of the coast of New Land.
He met the north east coast in 1763 and 1764, the south coast in 1765 and 1766, and the west coast in 1767.
His five stations in Terra Nove produced the first big, exact maps of the island coasts.
185 ENDOFPAGE
At the same time, Cook reached out to two important things: a practical mastery of agrim, at the best of the conditions, less than ideal; and the attention of the admiration and the Royal Society at a crucial moment, with the carriage of James, and for the explorations of England.
During his service in New Land, Cook wrote that he intended not only to go any longer than everyone before me, but as far as I thought it was possible for him to go a man.
XYZ His three journeys
XYZ Prime travel
In 1776, the Royal Society took Cook to travel the Pacific Ocean and document the journey of Venus by the sun.
Cook was commissioned as a guest and given the command of the Miss Bark Endeavour, a vessel of the same type with whom he had started his career.
The Endeavour had the ideal proposals for such a journey: strong, a big, hard-willed magazine, and with a low background, for navigation in archipelagoes and oceans with poor schools.
He set sail from England in 1768, surrounded Cape Horn, and continued to the west through the Pacific.
He came to Tahiti in 13 April 1769, where he tried to make an observation, to the Princess Venus, where he anchored, Cook commanded the construction of a forte and observatory under the direction of Charles Green.
186 ENDOFPAGE
As a matter of fact, the observations were neither so conclusive nor as accurate as they wanted.
When the observations ended, he opened his desired orders for the second part of the journey: to make a search in the south of the Pacific Ocean for the rich continent of Terra Australis.
The Royal Society (roughly Alexander Dalrymple) believed that it had to exist, and that the mission of the transit of Venus was the greatest opportunity that the United Kingdom had to discover the rich continent in front of the other European nations, and that such a little ship and as inconspicuous as the _Endeavour_ was a perfect cover for the mission.
Cook doubted his existence, but followed his orders.
With the help of a Tupaan-nominated Tahitiano, who knew the geographer of the Pacific well, Cook anchored in New Zealand on October 6, 1769 as the second group of Europeans (the first was Abel Tasman in 1642).
There, Cook made maps of all the coast of New Zealand, and identified many important notes to his geography (such as the Cook Strict, the Strict that separates North Island and South Island), with only a few minor faults (such as identifying the Banks Peninsula as an island, and setting the Stewart a pensula).
He tried to make maps of the inside of the entrance, but he couldn't, because of the hostility of the natives there.
187 ENDOFPAGE
Then he set sail to the west, and reached the south east coast of the continent of Australia in 19 April 1770; in doing so, his expedition was the first Europeans to visit his east coast.
In the 23rd of April he made his first recorded observation of the natives of Australia at the Lower Brush next to Bawley, where he wrote that they were not so close to the coast that they could see many people on the shore; they seemed to be very dark or black, but the real colour of their skin or their clothes, I don't know. I don't know, the natives were still hostile to Cook and his expedition.
In 29 April, Cook and the team made an anchor on the continent's right land (in a location where the Kurnell Peninsula is known today), which was called Botany Bay according to the only species obtained by shopkeepers Joseph Banks and Daniel Solander.
It was here that James Cook made the first contact with an aborigine tribe, Gweagal.
Of this peaceful meeting, English language (and finally Interlingua) won the word of the word ákanguru_, of the gweagal word ángurú_.
After he left Botany Bay, his expedition went north to Batavia.
At this time, he discovered that New Guinea and Australia were separated, and not a large continent.
188 ENDOFPAGE
On June 11, he had an accident when the Grand Barrier of Chorallo was unscathed by a low run in the Grand Barrier of Coralo.
There was a lot of damage to the ship: there was an infestation in the wood; a linen was cut to within 3 millimeters, and it had to be replenished and relapsed.
The reparations died seven weeks (next to the darses of modern-day Cooktown, near the Endeavour River).
When his reparations were over, the journey came and made sail through the sleeve of Towers.
On the 22nd of August he reached the Possession Island, where he took the shore he had explored as a British territory.
Later, Cook visited Savu for three days before sailing for New Warden.
Batavia had a reputation for manifestations of disease and teaching.
Though the expedition was without serious illness, the equipment fell badly, and the expedition suffered its only loss: Herman Spöring Jr., the chief scientist and the secretary of Banks.
He died of dysentery caused by food, and was buried at sea in January 24, 1771.
Then, the expedition of the Cape of Bon Sperantia and Sancte Helena, and came in 12 June 1771.
189 ENDOFPAGE
XYZ Prevention de scurbuto
In the four years that his first expedition lasted, in only two times he was a sick slaughtered sailor, who was practically unheard of in the 18th century's expedition.
According to a police officer in the Royal Navy in 1747, Cook sent his equipage to build hot, sauerkraut fruit.
At the same time, it was known that a poor diet was tied to the scorb, but it was not known that the cause was a lack of C's.
Cook's position was practical and empiric; he became so varied that the circumstances were allowed, and he put up with green vegetabils when his luggage came to us.
The sailors of the age were not very innovative, and they looked at the idea of eder sauerkraut with misfortune.
To encourage his equipage to build it, an act which he had used for the other time without a fault, he commanded that the sauerkaut be served at the same and his officers, and gave an option to the sailors that they could take a little if they wanted to.
Option - was achieved: present with a new food in the restricted diet, especially one for the officers, food became very popular.
In the next week, one reason must be set up.
Everything in the ship built the same food, and started the practice at every command.
190 ENDOFPAGE
Two men were made by a scorch: Charles Green and Tahian Tuapean astronomer.
XYZ Arrivata
After the arrival of his expedition, he published his little newspapers, and Cook became almost a hero in the scientific community.
In general society, however, he was not famous, and the aristocious shopkeeper Joseph Banks was the most remarkable hero to the general man.
Banks tried to take the command of the second Cook's journey, but was moved by the expedition before it started, and Johann Reinhold Forster and his son Georg Forster were taken as scientists for the new journey.
George, the first son of Cook, was born only five days before he left.
XYZ The second tour
After his return, Cook was promoted from maestro to commandante, and he was joined again by the Royal Society, once again in a search for the mythical Terra Australis.
On his first journey, Cook had demonstrated in his surroundings of New Zealand that it was not part of the greatest land in the south; and well as to make maps of almost all the coast of eastern Australia, he had proved that it was as great as a continent, the Great Southern Land and for the Royal Society to look for, believed to be in the south of New Zealand.
191 ENDOFPAGE
However, Dalrymple and other members of the Royal Society believed that this massive continent was in the south.
Cook had the command of HMS Resolution_ in this journey, and Tobias Furneaux had a command of his companion, the _HMS Adventure_.
This new expedition surrounded the glob at a southbound latitude, and he became one of the first explorers to cross the antarctic circle (in 17 January 1773).
He also made maps, made maps, and arranged for Great Britannia, South Georgia (executed by Anthony de la Roché in 1675), discovered and called the Clergy Rocks and the South Sandwich Islands.
In the antarctic nebula, _Resolution_ and _Adventure_ was separated.
Furneaux and the Adventure_ made sail to New Zealand; there, their equipment was lost a few sailors after a fight with the Māori.
At last, Furneaux sailed to Great Britannia, as Cook continued to explore the Antarctic Ocean.
In exploring the Antarctic Ocean, Cook reached the latitude of 71,10'S in 31 January 1774, and almost discovered Antarctica, but returned to Tahiti to give up his ship.
Then he returned his south course to the dry search of the mythical continent.
192 ENDOFPAGE
On this part of the journey, he had a young Tahitian, Omai, who was less than knowledgeable about the Pacific Ocean than his predecessor Tupaiah was on the first trip.
During his return to Great Britannia, he anchored in the Friendly Islands, Pascha Island, Norfolk Island, New Caledonia, and Vanuatu.
Though he didn't discover the mythical continent, his journey wasn't a fault.
He showed scientific knowledge of the absence of the modern-day land against the popular myth.
At the same time, his journey was carried out by the new K1 chronomer by Larcum Kendall, which enabled Cook to calculate his location more exactly.
Cook's editorial office had so much praise for the clock and the letters it created with its usage were very accurate - so exact that the copies of them were already used until the 20th century.
After his return to Britannia, Cook was promoted to captain and given an honorary withdrawal from the Royal Navy, as an officer at Greenwich Hospital in London.
His fame spread through admiration; he was made a companion of the Royal Society, awarded the Copley Gold Metal, painted by Nathaniel Dance-Holland, invited to have lunch with James Boswell, and described in the Lords' Chamber as the first navigator in Europe.
Noonstantiating these honors, Cook could not be separated from the sea.
193 ENDOFPAGE
The third journey was flattened to find the North West Passage.
Cook went to the Pacific and waited for an easterly journey to the Atlantic, when an old journey traveled in the opposite direction.
XYZ Tertie travel
In his final journey, Cook had the new command of _HMS Resolution_ when the chief Charles Clerk had commanded the _HMS Discovery_.
The journey was ready to return Omá to Tahiti, and it was what the people of London believed.
As soon as Omai returned, Cook set sail to the north.
After visits on the coast of Alaska, in 1778 he was the first European to visit the Hawaiian Island.
After making anchors in the port of Waimea in Kauai, he named the Archipelago the Sandwich Inns for the fourth Earl of Sandwich, who was the officer of the first Lord of Admirality at the time.
From the south of the Pacific Ocean he went to the north-east to explore the west coast of North America and buried the town of the First Nations in Yuquot in the Nootka Strict in Vancouver, even though he had made the Strict of Juan de Fuca sail.
194 ENDOFPAGE
He explored and made maps of the coast of California up to the Bering Strict, in this part of his journey, he identified what would be known as the Strict Cook in Alaska.
It was said that on a single visit, Cook lettered the majority of the north-west coast for the first time, determined the extension of Alaska, and took up the Russian and Spanish exploration of the northern Pacific Ocean.
The narrowness of Bering was impossible, even though he had made enough attempts to cross it.
These failed trials frustrated him, and his physical health plagued him; indeed, his mental health was plagued with a little, and in time he did some unreasonable deeds, such as that his equipment eats the inedible flesh of the wreath.
Cook returned to Hawaii in 1779.
After sailing around the archipelago for eight weeks, he anchored in the Kealakekua Bay in the island of Hawaii, the largest island in the Hawaiian Inns.
After a month was remanded, Cook set sail to summarise his exploration.
After he left the Hawai island, the master of the _Resolution_ broke, and Cook returned to Hawaii.
For some reason, the weather in the halls was not so friendly, and there were many tension between the Hawaiians and the Europeans.
195 ENDOFPAGE
The final offence occurred on February 14, when a few Hawaiians stole one of the expedition ships.
Normally, because clothing was common in the halls, Cook took hostages until the return of his things.
So, Cook made his final mistake: he tried to take the king of Hawaii, Kalaniopu,'u.
The Hawaiians prevented it, and the expedition's equipage had to retreat to the shore.
When Cook returned to the shore to help in the boating, he was hit by the head and dipped in his back as he did to the water.
The Hawaiian took his body.
Four of the seas died and two were wounded in the face.
Though he tried to take his king, Cook and his body were treated with the consideration of the chief Hawaiian.
His body was made up, covered to facilitate the discovery of the body, and the bones were mutated with respect and preserved as religious icons.
(Accidentally, when the bodies of the European authorities were treated, after a request from the expedition, the body of Cook was given to the expedition, which gave him a formal British training at sea.
196 ENDOFPAGE
Captain Clerk was in the order of the command, and so he took the command of the expedition.
He made a final essay at Bering's point.
After the death of the Clerk, the _Resolution_ and the _Discovery_ returned in October 1780 under the command of John Gore (an veteran of the first journey of Cook) and Captain James King.
The third and final journey of Cook was filled by King after his return to Great Britannia.
XYZ The Hypothese of Lono
A hypothese of the reason for the Hawaiians moving after the expedition's return, it is about the Hawaiian station, and its influence on the interests of the Hawaiian people.
One story believes that when Cook came to Hawaii, his arrival was consistent with Makahiki, a Hawaiian feast of reaping in honor of his God Lono.
That's why this hypothese includes that the _HMS Resolution_ - especially, the formation of the masts, sails and mano-doves - re-regarded certain religious icons of the station.
Similarly, the circumnavigation made by Cook (from the north to the east, to the south, to the west) before he got back the processions that occurred during Lono's feasts.
One story has claimed that the other coincidences caused certain Hawaiians to believe that Cook was an incarnation of Lono.
197 ENDOFPAGE
However, when the expedition returned to Hawaii, it was not already the station of Makahiki - a celebration of Lono, which was synonymous with peace - but the station of Kū, which was the God of War.
The war station caused a climate of aggression and feeling from the Hawaiian people, combined with the wrongs made by Cook - how to attack a king on the war station - the hostility between the Hawaiians and the Europeans quickly reached a peak.
XYZ Legato of Cook
The 12 years that Cook spent in the Pacific Ocean improved the European understanding of the area.
Many classrooms, such as the Sandwich Islands, were met by the first time by Europeans, and their most exact navigational maps of great areas of the Pacific Ocean were a remarkable act (indeed, these maps will be used in the same form that Cook wrote to the 20th century).
So Cook picked up exact threats of length in his first journey with his ability to sail, using the moon's method of distance (imments from the distance from the moon to the sun by day, or one of eight stars lit by night to determine the time at Royal Observatory in Greenwich, and then compare this month with the time of the sun, determined by the sun, moon, or stars).
198 ENDOFPAGE
On his second journey, Cook used the K1 chronomer, which was in the form of a great task clock, 13 cm (5-ounce) in the diameter.
It was a copy of the H4 watch by John Harrison, which was proved to be the first clock to maintain an exact measure of time in the sea on the journey of the ship _Deptford's_ to Jamaica (1761 -1762).
Cook was the first European to make extensive contact with the people of the Pacific.
He believed, correctly, that there was a relative among all the people of the Pacific Ocean, in spite of the fact that their land was separated by thousands of miles of the ocean.
He believed, too, that the peaceful people had dealt with his native origin of the land in Asia (an assertion which was proved correct by scientist Brian Sykes).
Cook's expeditions were accompanied by many scientists, whose observations and discoveries were at the value of the journeys.
Joseph Banks (an English shopkeeper) and Daniel Solander (a Swedia scientist) collected species of more than 3000 species of plants.
Banks, in particular, was remarkable that he became a pre-eminent promoter of the colonisation of Australia by the United Kingdom, based under his own observations.
Cook's expeditions were also more artists.
199 ENDOFPAGE
Sydney Parkinson was one of the pre-eminent artists on the first trip, and made 264 illustrations before his death at the end of the journey.
His successor in the second journey, William Hodges, created remarkable paintings of the land of Tahiti, the Pascha Island, and other landscapes.
His contribution to science was recognized during his life, with him in England and the stranger.
In the year 1779, when American colonies were in a war against the United Kingdom, Benjamin Franklin wrote a letter to the leaders of the military ships, recommending that if the ships contained in the ship of Cook, that they were:
He does not regard it as an enemy, he does not regard it as an enemy, he does not know any more about the contents of it, he does not see his immediate return to England, to keep it, or to give it to any other part of England or to America; but you are treated by the Cook Captain and his equipage with all civility and benevolence, as common friends to mankind.
However, not known about Franklin, the captain had died a month before this passport, it was written.
The location in which he was killed in Hawaii is marked by a white shell, and about 25 square feet (~2.3 m2) of land around the obelisk incurred; this land, in spite of being in Hawaii, was given to the United Kingdom, and the land was official part of the Kingdom.
200 ENDOFPAGE
In the United States of America, Cook appeared in a U.S. budget, the middle of the United States, and struck in 1928 for the Hawaiian Sesquicentennial (the celebration of the 150th anniversary of the European island discovery).
XYZ John Cleese
John Marwood Cleese (born 27 October 1939) is an actor, writer, player, and comedian who is a member of the Monty Python comedy company.
XYZ Noted Otaka
Hissed Otaka (Japanese: ) (26 September 1911 - Tokio 16 February 1951) was a Japanese composer and driver.
He studied his position with Joseph Marx in Vienna, and went with Felix Weingartner.
The flautist Jean-Pierre Rampal recorded his flute concert.
The driver Tadaaki Otaka is his son.
XYZ Montemagno
Montemagno (_Montmagn_ in pedemontese) is a common of 1,228 inhabitants of the province of Asti in Pedemonte.
In the year 1000 is about, Montemagno is a city made up of twelve, twelve wines made up of all the numbers, and it remains to characterize its identity, and you are buried in the circuit of the Castle Aperti, of the South Pedemon.
201 ENDOFPAGE
XYZ Monuments and referral points
The Holy House, the last remanded door of the wall, and the baroque staircase in the stone of Cumiana has historical value.
Appreciable to the architectonic point of view is the girl from St. Vittore, the Roman church dedicated to the Holy Victor, who was borne by a tall bell.
Dimmed in the country is the country girl of St. Mary of Vallin, the country church of the Madonna of Vallin, which is covered by the local population.
In the last few years, the church is also made of picnics by tourists, thanks to its privileged position in the centre of a valley among the hills of the land.
On the daily basis, the position of the parrochial girl of St. Martin and Stefan is called as one of the most beautiful places of the Pedemon, for the staircase and church that dominates it are very similar to those in Piazza di Spagna in Rome.
XYZ Particula grammara
In linguistics, the term is used often as an artifice to name what is not a strict definition.
In general, it is understood that the particulates are words that are meant to be a word without reflection.
They are the words that have no suffices like those that indicate grammar, time, or person.
202 ENDOFPAGE
As a matter of fact, the term may have a higher definition.
In a few contexts, the meaning of the term may be superimposed with such notions as (morphem) (marker) or (adverbial)
To the equals which many linguistic ideas, the precious content of the nation depends on the specificity of the language.
In Japanese and Korean, the term is used to mark substances in accordance with the case or their role (subject, object, complement, or topical) in a sentence or proposal.
In English, the words _this_ (that) and _that_ (that) are not uninflected words, after they are plural.
In addition, the articles of the Romanian languages are also inflicted with number and gender.
In addition, if a particulate is defined as simply an invariable word, the interjections would be classified as particulates.
XYZ History of French Language
French is a Romanian language, that's a Latin language.
It is spoken of in France, Belgium, Luxembourg, Switzerland and in other 51 countries, mainly in Africa, which were part of the French colonial empire and also the Democratic Republic of the Congo, including the Belgian Congo, and in Rwanda, the other British African colonies.
203 ENDOFPAGE
Born of the evolution of the vulgar latin to the romanic cock in the hearts of the first millenium of the Christian era, the French, the royal language, is turned into legal and administrative language with the order of Villers-Cotterêts in 1539.
When the suite of the French, always around the Parisian naked, will be defiled in France, Europe and the world.
There is a long way of reforming the language promoted by academics, to regulate it, and to translate Latin words.
The French classic of the 16th and 17th centuries shall be turned into the modern French of the 18th century, the neighbouring language of Europe.
With colonisation, French spreads in North America in the 18th century, in Africa in the 19th which will turn her into a world language.
However, the Frenchman lost influence on the second half of the 20th century in favour of English.
Claude Hegège shall distinguish three acts of reasoning from the Frenchman; the period of the average which shall be extended from the end of the 11th century to the beginning of the 14th period, the period which shall be extended from the beginning of the reign of Louis XIV to the end of the 18th century, and from the period of the end of the 19th century to the beginning of the 20th century.
The term of hearing, in some cases, may be a synonym of French.
The French language has this particularity that its development was in part the operations of groups of intellectuals, such as the Pleiade, or of institutions, such as the French Academy.
204 ENDOFPAGE
She's a lingua dicta academic.
However, the use of the right and number of the right is the one who's male, this language is alive, when he's given the rank of Molière, where he's talking about Molière's tongue.
Before the Englishman's proliferation of lexical prints, the French government took measures to protect the integrity of the language.
Therefore, on the 7th January 1972, promulgates decree No. 72 -9 relating to the richness of the French language, leading to the creation of Ministerial committees of terminology by the richness of the French vocabulary.
The 1994 Toubon law is the cause of the same concern.
His 1996 decree of application created a coordinated display of French language richness.
In Quebec, the Quebec Officina of the French language is concerned with governing the use of French language, protected by Quebec law 101.
The office proposes on the Internet its great terminological dictionary.
XYZ Del seculo I al V: Interactions between the vulgar Latin and the gall language
The history of the French language begins with the invasion of the Gallia by the armies remains under Julio Cesare from 58 to 50 BC.
205 ENDOFPAGE
It is considered that the Gallia was counting with ten million inhabitants.
Later, the conquest, the soldiers and the merchants remained brought with them their daily and vulgar servant.
Despite the appearance of the two languages (syntaxes, numbering, morphology), there is littleness between the gall and the Latin.
The Latin works as a script and administration language, where the roach, oral tradition because it was written, continues to be an inter-cam language in the urban centres that knew a rapid development under the Romans, and later remains the everyday language in the rural media, notably distant from the great hundreds of romance that are the villas and the Mediterranean.
XYZ Brasil
Brazil (the official name of the Federative Republic of Brazil) is a federative republic formed by the union of 26 States and by the Federal District.
The land has 5,565 cities, 211,000 inhabitants and an area of 8,511,965 square kilometres, equal to 47% of South American territory.
It is the greatest land in South America.
XYZ History
The main article: History of Brazil_
206 ENDOFPAGE
In 1500 Pedro Álvares Cabral began a journey to India, he took two carves and 13 ships, and more than or less than 1 500 people.
The Portuguese crown wanted him to use the cared for by Vasco to give Gama to the Cape of Good Speranty.
To avoid a calm area in the Gulf of Guinea, he sailed to the west and found the wind that finally burst into the South American continent in April 1500.
During the years between 1533 and 1549 the Portuguese crown divided Brazil into 15 territorial divisions, called by the chieftains, which the king gave to wealthy (donatórios) Portuguese men, who, in exchange for many powers and privileges, had to use their own capital to colonize these territories and develop their economic resources.
Among those captaincies only two, Pernambuco and São Vicente (to the south of the present city of Santos), were many success, Pernambuco because of the trade in sugar and São Vicente because of the juice and the lifting of cattle cattle.
In response to the general failure of the captaincy, the king, João III, assumed their direction by means of the governor-general with ample political powers.
In the captaincy, the Governor-General was represented by a group of local officials who fortified the strategic points of the coast and ruled the local cities according to the patrons already established in Portuguese cities.
The king also established the capital of the land in Bahiah.
207 ENDOFPAGE
This reorganisation of the colony attracted many new colonists to Brazil.
The first governor of Brazil, Tome de Sousa, came to the colony with a group of Jesuits who had an important role in the development of the land.
They set up schools for example.
But they also inspired a strong stand between the colonists of the colony, who tried to subdue the Brazilian Indians.
While the Portuguese crown reorganised the government of Brazil, France tried to establish a permanent colony in the Brazilian territory.
In 1555, Nicolas de Villegagnon, an adventurer who had the name of Henri II of France, commanded the port of what was called Rio de Janeiro.
The governor-general, Mem de Sá, leading a deemable army, attacked and exposed the French and established the city that would finally be the capital of Brazil.
French was persistent.
In the first part of the 18th century, they tried to settle in the Atlantic region of southern Brazil.
During the time that Portugal was under the Spanish crown (1580-1640) Dutch troops also occupied Bahia and Pernambuco, the wealthy capital of the main region that was produced by their own use.
208 ENDOFPAGE
In spite of the opposition of the Spanish/Portuguese crown, North-East Brasilians and the region of Sá Paulo were able to blow up the Dutch from their land.
In spite of his distance from Europe, the Napoleonic police had a great influence on the political development of Brazil.
According to the continental system of Napoleon, no European country could trade with Britannia.
Portugal and England were allotted for a long time, and the Portuguese government continued its trade with the English.
Napoleon answered his people to Limbon.
With the help of the British War Marine, all the royal family, and their courts, and their officials went to Brazil.
XYZ Protests
Liturgy or Protestants or evangelicals are an arrangement of religious rituals and practices of the Christian church of the Protestant Reformation, but every church has its own system of liturgy.
Benediction
XYZ Caffeine
Caffeine is a hot, white, crystalline, and alkaline shawl, which is like a psychoactive stimulant, and like a benign diurendant.
209 ENDOFPAGE
Coffee was discovered by a German chemist, Friedrich Ferdinand Runge, in 1819.
He created the word of Kaffein, a chimic composition in coffee, which was adapted to other European languages.
Caffeine is also called a guaranine when he finds guarana, when he finds himself in the matte, and heeds when he finds it in thee; all these names refer to the same chimic composition.
Coffee is found in different amounts in the fabes, leaves, and fruits of a few plants, where it comes like a natural pestice that paralyzes and kills certain insects that are nourished by plants.
Humans usually consume coffee in foreign infusions of the ceressities of coffee and the leaves of teasing, and of various foods and drinks containing products of the nut kola.
Other coffee streams include yerba matta, hear basins, and the potty Yaupon.
In humans, coffee is a stimulant central nervous system; it has the effect of temporing sleep and restoring vigilance.
Drinks with coffee, like coffee, tea, and energetic drinks are very popular.
Coffee is the most generally consumed psychoactive substance in the world, but different from other psychoactive substances, coffee is legal and not regulated in almost all jurisdictions.
210 ENDOFPAGE
In North America, almost 90 percent adults consume coffee all day.
Food and Drug Administration (administration of Food and Pharmacists) classifies coffee as a food substance, generally recognized as safe.
XYZ Plutonum
Plutonium is a radioactive Chimic element of Pu-symbol and atomic number 94.
He uses it mainly for his fissible quality, e.g.
in nuclear reactors for production of electricity or in nuclear weapons.
Metal Plutonum is very toxic.
Ingestion or inhalation of minute pieces will cause death for a man.
XYZ Yemen
Yemen is a country in West Asia, covering the south west end of the Arab Peninsula.
It now constitutes the Republic of Yemen, which represents a merger of the North Yemen (whose capital was Sanaa) with the South Yemen ex-Communist (whose capital was Aden) in 1990.
Yemen is the only republic of the Arab Peninsula.
It is also the most pauper and the least unwelcome land.
211 ENDOFPAGE
However, the story and culture are rich.
In Antiquity, a part of Yemen was understood in the term of the term. Arabia Felice, pertaining to commercial prosperity and relative vegetables.
The ancient Yemen kept important ligams with the civilizations of Ethiopia, Egypt, Russia and India.
Many Indonesians and males descend from the Yemenite merchants.
Yemen became the home of a major Jewish population.
Islam is the predominant religion, present in the Sunni and Zaidite forms (a unique variety of Shiism).
There's even a small rustle.
The Gulf of Aden, located south of Yemen, is now periculous because of the proliferation of Somali pirates.
Yemen keeps nobly good relations with their neighbours overseas, Sooma and Djibuti.
XYZ Wilhelm Reich
Wilhelm Reich (Dobrzanica, Galitzia, Austrian Empire, 24 March 1897 - Lewisburg, Pennsylvania, United States, 3 November 1957) was an inventor, postulator of the organ theory, doctor, psychiatrist and Austrian - statuinite.
He was a member of the Vienna Psychoanalytic Society, acting initially as Freud's disciples.
212 ENDOFPAGE
At the same time, his theories were later independent of the institutional psychology.
From his studies of Freud, the points which he was most interested in were the unconscious, the neurosis and the libed.
He was driven out of the common and psychoanalytic figures for the radicality of his efforts, pursued by the Nazi figures in Germany for his book (Psychologia de masses del fascismo_, driven out of Denmark and Norway for Nazi government pressures, and finally judged in the United States during the New York Gansevoorta in March 23, where he recorded progressive schizophrenia, with his sleeves being released to the pyre in the New York Gansevoortorean Innner on October 23, 1956.
After a year he died in the care of a heart attack, one day before he called his sentence.
XYZ Project Gutenberg
Project Gutenberg is a digital library.
It was the idea of Michael Hart, who decided in 1971 that it could be an excellent idea if he had a famous and important copy of texts that could be available free of charge for all men.
From now on, hundreds of volunteers were joined by him who divides his own vision.
In 2006, over thirty years later, the Gutenberg Project has an availability of more than a total of 19,000 works in many languages, among them a novel in interlingua alone.
213 ENDOFPAGE
XYZ Description
Project Gutenberg's philosophy is to publish information.
Books and other materials are available to the public domain.
There are classic works by many authors of different countries free of author's right (_copyright_).
Operas are written mostly in English language.
People can read, use and quote such information freely.
XYZ Boxer
The boxman is a dog's ray of work, from native German.
The cashier is part of the Doges family.
The name (Boxer) is supposed to be derived from the tent of this race to begin to fight in the back of his back and to the left of his legs.
XYZ History of the race
The race was created in Germany during the second half of the 14th and early 20th century.
It's the result of crucibles, in 1880, between German and English bulldozers.
214 ENDOFPAGE
The ancestors of this race were German bulleiser, a dog descended from the Mastin and English bulldog.
The bullbearer was a dog of work used for hunting, it was used in the pursuit of urs, wild pigs and cervos.
His function was to take care of the prey and wait for the arrival of the hunters.
Later years, faster dogs were privileged and the bullbearer became more small, he was called Brabanter.
At the end of the 19th century, the Brabanter was crucified with the English and from here began the line that would be born to the modern Boxer.
In 1894, three Germanes Roberth, Konig and Hopper decided to establish the race and display a dog in a show.
This happened in Munich in 1895, and the next year they founded the first Boxer's Club.
The race was introduced in other parts of Europe.
The American Kennel Club (AKC) recognizes the first Boxer camp in 1915.
During the World War I, the boxman made part of the army by carrying out military work, acting like a precious messenger, porter, can of attack and guard.
215 ENDOFPAGE
It was only after World War II that the boxer became popular in all the world.
XYZ Description
The boxman is a medium-haired, short-sweetened and shiny dog.
There's a powerful ossature, and it's very muscular.
It must not look heavy, nor do it.
The boxman has a bulkhead with a sassy jaw (he's a dog), his muzzle is black, his neck is strong and muscular and his breast is wide.
Its pillar can be made of yellow colour and it can be made white.
In the standard the white color must not exceed 1/3 of covering.
Total white colors had been excluded since 1905, black in 1925 and grey in 1938.
There were no more major changes, except that which is concerned with otectomy and caudectomy, prohibited in Germany.
The male measures 60 inches and weighs about 32 pounds (standard male 57 -63cm; female 53 -59 cm above the scapula and 28 pounds).
XYZ Temperament
216 ENDOFPAGE
The cashier is a family can, hardened in front of the strangers.
Courageous in nature, this can be characterized by his great calm and his balanced and frank character.
Its training is recommended to precocious age, depending on the fact that they usually have a strong personality, that they should have the most difficult training when they are grown up.
The cashier is an appropriate dog as a child's companion, because it suffers with them, and it's very much attached to its owners.
The boxer is not considered to be silent until the age of three years.
It's a good watch can, as long as it's got a proper train.
In nature it's not an aggressive or vitorious race but it's necessary for socialisation to tolerate other dogs.
A few times its over-protective and dominant attitude, more intense in males, can be troublesome.
The cashier is generally patient with small, but can be shown to be dominant with larger dogs or sex.
A bad individual or a bad train can be capable of serious damage or even killing other animals.
XYZ Utilisation
It's a faithful, intelligent and vigilant dog.
217 ENDOFPAGE
With his courage, strongness and agility are used as a police can in Germany, and it is equally a blind guide and a good guardian.
The cashier can take part in agility contests.
XYZ Possible health problems
The boxman is a dog more susceptible to the tumors than most of the races, having also a sensible skin.
Among other problems, there is also a coxed drop.
The presence of these diseases is not very high, and if more of the dog is bought from a responsible debtor who forms health certificates, the risk of having a bad boxman is rare.
Swedish Language XYZ
Swedish is a Germanic language which is first spoken in Sweden, by about nine million people.
The majority of speakers live in Sweden, Finland and the Åland (autoname of Finland), where the language is official.
The Swedish is, in a great part, mutually intelligent with Danish and Norwegian native languages, but not with the finish that belongs to a whole other group of languages.
218 ENDOFPAGE
These three languages have been greatly influenced by the Lower Language, half German (during the Epoch of the Hansean League), a large change that did not occur in the Icelandic or Faroese language.
XYZ Grammatica
Male and female generations are reduced to one, the common generation.
XYZ External bindings
- Online dictionary of the government of Sveda
XYZ George Carlin
George Denis Patrick Carlin (Manhattan, New York City 12 May 1937 - St. Monica, California 22 May 2008) was a comic, actor, social critic, and author.
Carlin was famous for his black comedy and his thoughts on politics, English language, psychology, religion, and various tabu subjects.
Carlin and his comic rout, and he was central to the case of 1978 of the stately supreme Court.
F.C.C. v. Pacifica Foundation, in which in a decision of 5 - 4, the Court affirmed the power of government to regulate the matter which it calls unindecent, in public education.
XYZ Rete transeuropee de transporto
219 ENDOFPAGE
The Trans-European Transportation Rete (Acronymy: RTE -T) is an integrated transport breach, designed to support the single market, ensure the free circulation of trades and persons, and corroborate the growth, occupation, and competitiveness of the whole European Union.
In the past, the European transport systems were developed by it plus according to the state's criteria, with the consequences of penuriate or complete absence of interconnections to the conferences of the Member States, or long strategic corridors of the continent.
For the interconnected weakness of transports is the economic growth, from its primes in the years, new to the RTE policies -T has directed the European unit funds for the implementation of the implementation of the project underlay by Europe.
A vague economic possibility for the Union would be also to establish a league between the Trans-European Rete and the New Way of the Seven, the Chinese global commercial connection mega-project.
The Rete shall have a legal basis in the Treaty of Amsterdam, which was signed in 1997, however, its developmental accomplishment in the advanced period shall be due to the Treaty on the European Union, signed in Maastricht in 1992.
XYZ Ecopoese
The model of ecopoesis for the origin of life is based on the idea that a continent atmosphere is a high percentage of molecular oxygenum, generated by the atmosphere photo of water vapor, is an essential characteristic of the primitive echosphere of the Earth.
220 ENDOFPAGE
The ecopoesis is radically different from other biopoesis models.
At the same time, the origin of life is kept as equivalent to the fortunate appearance of very simple cellular organizations, whose metabolic evolution would also lead to general evolution of the environment (the atmosphere rich in oxygenum would be a result of this process).
In the ecopoesis, on the contrary, the physical environment plays the main role, not organizations.
Precocious oxygen presentation determines the establishment of a stream of flosses, which, by casting on the methods of the lithosphere, crosses the archean seas, pumped by the photographic production of oxygen in the atmosphere of the Earth.
This flow is mediated and predominantly channeled by redox transitions of redox elements - sensitive to the hydrosphere.
These environmental interventions of great breadth cause the development of a geochimical basis metabolism in a planetary protoplasm (the holoplasm) by creating pre-conditions for the gradual evolution of organismal life.
The wide difference of electrochemical potentials in the prime environment would cause the appearance of biogeochemical cycles.
Primitive metabolic paths originate from the interaction of these cycles and their products.
221 ENDOFPAGE
The order of order in the supervening system of energetically favourable transitions, particularly in the oxidation of organic matter, and of the physical -chemical properties of participating computers.
This planetary proto-metabolism is very congruent with today's biochemy, including the setting of carbon and Nitrogenum and the aerobic degradation of organic compounds (total oxydation of CO2).
Biologic evolution, as it rules, will lead through the functioning control of these activities, not by its creation.
The naked metabolism of a geochemical basis will make it so congruent to our modern enzymatic processes.
Carboxylating properties and condensing borrowing in the middle of the water (namely hyper-carbonic world), for the presentation of a heavy CO2 atmosphere is particularly important, for it is allowed to fix coal in the presence of the shrinking power, and to spread chirals.
As the direct reduction of carbonic anhydride is outside the domain of the aqueous chimia, the fixedness of the carbon depends on the carboxylation of pre-existent coal composites.
The pro-biological cycles of the coal are running in the anabolic sensuous by interlocking organ composition carboxylation reactions with the stages of reduction.
Recipiplely, the catabolic cycles would change decarboxylation and oxydation steps, like in modern metabolic cycles.
222 ENDOFPAGE
You can discuss the possibilities of non-enzymatic analogs of such reactions in the hyper-carbonic medium to a few details, as well as to transversal methods of binding the balance of reduction - inxidation in the proto-biological echopher to carboxylation and decarboxylation processes.
The setting of the carbon shall require a conversion of modest (primary) types of hydro-carbons made up of the decomposition of coals from the lithosphere, above all acetylenics, which may be directly converted from the hydration and carboxylation, to the Pyruvic and Oxalacetic acids, the central constituents of the current biochemical paths.
Participation of these compounds strengthens the idea that the bi-directional Krebs cycle would be the main characterization of carbon circulation in the primitive echo.
Availability to reduce for anabolic processes (derived mainly from bivalent iron and lithospheric sulphurized compounds), compared to that of the solubile oxygeno, shall favor the accumulation of organic compounds in the hydrosphere.
The question of the nature of these compounds and their training processes may be helped by the development of the principle of congruency.
Organismal characteristics of life are achieved gradually, and the cellularity is quite late in this model.
XYZ Half hypercabonic
223 ENDOFPAGE
The average hyper-carbonic expression describes the reactive properties of the oceanic environment of the primitive Earth (o, hyper-carbon world), under the atmosphere composition put forward in the eco-poesis model.
Thanks to the large amount of CO2 dissolved, chimic species such as carbon acid, bi-carbonic ion, and bi-valent (over all alkali-terrous magnesium) are presented in much higher concentrate than in the oceans of today, lending to the carboxy, capable properties of carbans and carbans.
Under the balance of carboxylation, dry decarboxylation, various organic compounds would form hyper-carbical analogy series, proximously likened to only the amount of CO2 added to their mills.
The very polar medium, with a low water (Aw) activity rules the balance of hydration -dehydration.
Moreover, the balance of reduction - oxydation is part of the whole oceanic environment, laid down between a lithosphere that delivers reducing waves (over all the iron and bivalent sulphur) and the oxygenic atmosphere.
Factors which determine the balance of carboxylation - decarboxylation and the balance of hydration - dehydration shall be called a permanent factor, and are attached to conditions that are only fluctuating very readiness.
The balance of reduction -oxydation, on the contrary, is guided by eventual factors that vary strongly between the redox ends of the protobiological environment.
224 ENDOFPAGE
The chimie in the middle of hyper-carbonics is central to the model of eco-poesis, as suggested by the principle of congruentity, the biologic relief of carboxylation and decarboxylation reactions, and the geologic obviouss of a heavy CO2 paleoatmosphere.
XYZ Mach Principle
Mach's principle had great influence on Albert Einstein in his general relativity theory.
In fact, this term, the beginning of Mach, was introduced by Einstein in 1918.
According to Ernst Mach (1838-1916), in his book (the Science of Mechanic_ (1893), there is no point in the speeding of a mass relating to absolute space.
Instead of that, he has made up the idea that the speeding of a body may be connected to the distant stars, i.e.
the inertity of an influential body of matter in great distance.
Thus, the inertial forces of an accelerated body shall have the same origin as the gravitational strengths which it has for the sake of concentrations of field of mass - energy described by the energy strainer - the basis for the type of the type of translation of the theory of relativity.
According to Mach, a body has no inertial strengths when it is in reprehension with the centre of the whole universe's mass.
225 ENDOFPAGE
Mach put such an idea after denying Isaac Newton's absolute space record.
XYZ Titanomachia
The Titanomachia (in Greek (in Greek) At the age of 10 years between the two rays of deities before the existence of mankind; the Titans, carrying out the mountains of Otris, and the Olympics, which will rule on the Olympos.
XYZ Dan (can)
The donor is a very big picture dog.
It must not be confused with a Danish person.
A donkey is a type of strong, thick-collared, short and wide, round-haired, strong and concaved.
It has thick, steep lips and strong jaws, sturdy paws, and extraordinary courage.
It is used to guard property, hunt and fight with wild animals.
The highest can unquam was a gift called the Jews (died September 2014 at the age of 5), whose height was at the shoulder was 111.8 cm.
The highest living dog is another thing, Freddy, 103.5 cm.
226 ENDOFPAGE
In other languages the Danish is called the Great Danish One, as in English (_Great Dane_), the Spanish (_large Danish_), and the German German: (dog_german) (using derivatives of the English word for dog (_dog_), as in French (_doge_), German (_Deutsche Dogge_), and Hungaro (_német dog_).)
XYZ Sukkot
Sukkot (Hebrew: מיקות, מקות, transliterated: Sukkoth, sukkos, succot, succot, o'succos, or Cabanas' Feast and Tabernacles are a Jewish party, one of the quals (fasts of the figures) in Jewishism.
XYZ Etymologia
Hebrew's name is the plural of the word Sukkah which means a hut.
To celebrate the feast, the tradition (or commandment, technically), is to build a built-up structure in the free-standing forest of the tree, quite tenuous branches that allow it to be seen of the sky, and to have meals (if the time is not bad) in it.
Many synagogues build sukkahs in their roofs or courts for the use of the local Jewish community.
XYZ Tempore
Sukkot starts in September or October.
The date of the first day is the 15th month of the Tishrei, the first native month in the Jewish lunar calendar.
227 ENDOFPAGE
Like the Khag of Passover, it lasts seven days for Jews in Israel, but eight days in the daytime, a tradition that originates because of the difficulty in ancient times of calculating in advance when the newness that incites the month will appear. (for the same reason, the Khag of Shavout is one day in Israel and two days in the day.)
XYZ History
(like the other shagim_) it was an agricultural feast of the Canaanites; Judaism assimilated these feasts, and reinterpreted them as a celebration of the history of the Jewish exodus of bondage in Egypt.
In the reinterpretation the feast commemorates the 40 years of wandering in the wilderness.
The tradition says that the sukkah represents the huts which were the houses of the Jews when we lived in the wilderness.
Obviously, the tradition is incorrect: the tribes named for the wilderness Sinai lived in tents and not in huts.
But it seems that the apologies, originally referred to the time huts in Jerusalem during the feast at the time of the feast was after - in exile: In Israel, many Jews made a journey to Jerusalem, which the city had no permanent dwelling for their use.
228 ENDOFPAGE
The other brook of Sukkot is the use of the four species: three tree branches (of the merto, palm, and salt) and an etrog (and the fruit of the age of four species) are borne in English, noon is one of the translation of the word's words, this four species are kept in English during the days of the day of the feast except for the Sabbath.
XYZ Liverpool
The city of Merseyside, England, along the east part of the Mersey River estuaries, is a city and a metropole from Merseyside, England.
It was founded in 1207 and has gained city status in 1880.
Liverpool is the fourth largest city in the United Kingdom and has a population of 435 500, and is at the centre of the Liverpool Urban Area, which has a population of 816 216.
XYZ History
The urbanisation and expansion of Liverpool are the consequences of the city's status as a major port.
In the 18th century, exchange from West India, Ireland and Europe, and also the Atlantic House of slaves helped the economic expansion of Liverpool.
In 2007 the city celebrated 800 anniversary, and in 2008 the title of the European Capital of Culture combined with Stavanger, Norway.
XYZ Demographia
229 ENDOFPAGE
For the census of June 2007, 91.5 percent of the population of Liverpool is white, 1.9 percent is black and 4.6 is Asian.
XYZ World Heritage Site
In 2004, many areas of the city centre agreed to the status of a UNESCO World Heritage Site.
Referred to as _Liverpool - Maritime and Mercantile City_ the seats contain six separate locations in the town including the Pier Head, Albert Dock and Strata William Brown and include many of the most famous objectives of the city.
XYZ The Beatles
The popularity of the Beatles and other groups of the January music of Mersey contributes to the Liverpool Statute as a destination of tourism.
Tourism forms a significant part of the modern city's economy.
XYZ Budapest
Budapest is the capital city of Hungary.
It is the greatest city in Hungary and the chief centre of politics, culture, trade, industry and transport in the land.
Budapest is considered an important modiolo in Central Europe.
In 2008, Budapest had 1,702,297 inhabitants and its metropolitan area was 2.451,418.
230 ENDOFPAGE
The city area is 525 square kilometres.
Budapest has joined the Danube in November 17th, 1873, the Buddha and Obuda (Buda Valley) on the western shore with Pest on the eastern shore.
XYZ World Heritage Site
Budapest is considered to be a beautiful city of World Heritage Sites including the banks of the Danube, the Fourth of Castle of the Buddha, Avenue Andrássy, and the Underground Railway of the Millennio, the first in the continent of Europe.
Budapest attracts more than 20 million visitors a year.
The centre for the European Institute of Innovation and Technology (EIT) was in Budapest.
XYZ History
The first burgo in the city of Budapest was Ak-Ink (Aqua Abundante), built by Celts, and after all, built by Aquincum in the 1elinguistic century, followed by the Roman Empire.
The Romanos built streets, amphitheatres, baths and houses with thermal floors.
The Hungaros settled in the territory at the end of the 9th century.
The Tatars went into the 13th century.
231 ENDOFPAGE
King Bela IV of Hungary commanded the building of stone walls around the city and established the royal palace on the height of the stake of the stake.
In 1361 the city has become the capital of Hungary.
The Italian Renascentia had a great influence on the city.
For King Matthias Corvino of Hungary, the Bibliotheca Corviniana was a large collection of historic, philosophic and scientific chroniques in the 15th century.
XYZ Geography
Budapest is in the centre of Hungary.
The Danube enters the city to the north.
XYZ Climate
Budapest has a transitional temperate climate.
XYZ Band of Möbius
The band of Möbius (or _Moebius_), called according to German mathematics and astronomer August Ferdinand Möbius, is a topological object with only one edge and one.
It was co-discovered independently by Möbius and German mathematician Johann Benedict Listing in 1858.
232 ENDOFPAGE
A model can be built easily by half - drive a band of paper (or other material) and put the ends together to create a single band.
Möbius's band has a number of foreign properties.
If a two-band with two-seeds, one does not get two-bands, then a long band with two-seeds.
If one is still a long band, one will get two bands that are snaked around the other.
Alternatively, if a third of the distance from the edge, one has two sides; one is a thin band of thin Möbius, and the other is a long band with two semis - twists.
Other band combinations can be obtained to make Möbius bands with two or more twists for one.
For example, a band with three half-tortions, as they two-parted for their lengths, will become a band tied on a noose.
To dry a band of Möbios, tosses it out, and gather the ends together, the unexpected figures have been called paradromic rings.
XYZ Benin
Well, the official Republic of Benin (République du Bénin_), is a country of West Africa.
It contains 7 513 946 inhabitants in 2006, and covers an area of 112 622 square kilometres.
233 ENDOFPAGE
Benin spreads six miles from the Niger River to the north on the Atlantic coast to the south.
The land has like neighbours Togo on the west, Nigeria on the east, and Niger and Burkina Faso on the north.
Benin has become completely independent on August 1, 1960, under the name of the Republic of Dahomey_, before taking its current name in 1975.
The official capital is Porto-Novo; Cottonou is the economic capital.
The country has an official language of French, and it's worth the French C.A.
The governor of Benin is a chairman, and his head of the state is Yayi Boni, who succeeded Mathieu Kerekou after the 18th of March 2006 elections.
After the end of the Marxist -Leninist reign in 1989, Benin has a very strong image of democratic land throughout all sub-Saharan Africa.
The land is indeed one of the pioneers of African multi-partialism.
XYZ Creed
Formal or summary definition of a religion's faith
In the Christian religion the most important creeds are generally known as the Apostolic Creed and the Nitene Creed.
234 ENDOFPAGE
Christians believe in a God, which exists forever in three persons: the Father, the Son, and the Holy Spirit.
They are identical in parable, equal in power and glory, and they possess the same attribution and perfection.
According to the creed of Christianity, God is invisible, personal, eternal, independent, immutable, truthful, trustworthy, omnipotent, sovereign, omniscient, righteous, holy, good, loving, merciful, suffering and available to grace.
XYZ Apostolic Creed
The Apostolic Symbol was developed between the second and the new centuries.
It is the most popular creed used in the culture of Western Christians and forms the basis of the faith and identity of the great majority of Christian churches.
Its central doctrines are those of the Trinity and of the Lord the Creator.
One reading tells us that the apostles wrote it on the tenth day after the ascent of Christ in heaven.
That, of course, is not the case, even though the name remained.
Each of the doctrines found in the Creed may be drawn to running claims in the post-war period.
The most ancient version of the Creed is perhaps the Interrogatory Creed of Hippolyto (circa AD 215).
235 ENDOFPAGE
The present form was found for the first time in the scripts of Cesario de Arles (m. 542).
The Creed was apparently used as a summary of Christian doctrine for candidates for baptism in the churches of Rome.
That's why it's also called the Symbol.
As in the version of Hippolyto, it was found in the form of a request and a reply: the candidates for baptism said to them in a deft way that they believed in every affair.
XYZ Translating apostolic creed
I believe in God the omnipotent Father, the Creator of heaven and earth.
And in Jesus Christ, his only - begotten Son, O our Son, who was struck by the Holy Spirit, born of the virgin Mary, he was born to hell. He suffered from the third day, he rose from the dead; he went up into the sky; he went down to hell; the third day he came to judge the living and the dead.
I believe in the Holy Spirit, the holy universal church; the communion of saints; the remission of sins; the resurrection of flesh; eternal life.
Amen._
XYZ Stokely Carmichael
236 ENDOFPAGE
unto the end of the June 29, 1941 - Conakry, Guinea, on November 15, 1998) was a black activist Trinidadean -American in the American movement of the civic rights during the 1960s.
Up in the United States of America, after the age of 11 years, he was a graduate of the University of Howard, and became a prominent figure in the movements of the civic rights and the Black Power, first of all, the head of the Norwegian Student Coordinating Committee (SNCC, pronounced (nick), and later of the Honorable Prime Minister of the Black Panther Party).
XYZ Childhood and education
Born in Porto de Espania, Trinidad and Tobago, Stokely Carmichael moved to Harlem, New York, New York, in 1952 when he was 11 years old to live with his parents, who were immigrating when he had two years and left him with his grandmother and two aunts.
He had three sisters.
When his parents were able to make him come into the United States of America.
XYZ Persa
Persa (Native name: ) is an Irish language in the Indo-Iranian branch of the Indo-European languages which are tearfully spoken in Iran, Afghanistan, Tajikistan and Uzbekistan and some extent in Armenia, Iraq, Bahrain and Oman.
It is the official language of Iran, Afghanistan, and Tajikistan.
237 ENDOFPAGE
Persa, whose name is _Fārsi_ ("persa") Dari_ (the dialect spoken in Afghanistan) or _Fārsi-ye-Dari-, may be classified linguistically as a continuation of half-Persian, the religious language and literary official of Sassanian, which was a continuation of Old Persian, the language of the Persian Empire in the Achaemenid era.
Persa is a multi-centric language, and its grammars are all about many contemporary European languages.
Persa has been a means of literary and scientific contribution to the eastern part of the Islamic world.
In other English, there was a significant influence on languages in geographical proximity, in particular other languages than neighbouring them; Turkish languages in Central Asia, the Caucasus and Anatolia; and also Armenians, Arabs and other languages.
It also had a strong influence on South Asia's languages, especially the U.S., and some Indian, Punjabi, Saraki, Sylheti, and Bengali.
XYZ Taoism
Taoism (according to the Wade -Giles system in Chinese: dào jiào.
A more modern adoption is (daoismo_) such as Confucianism and religion and philosophy, and with Confucianism and Buddhism is one of the three traditional philosophies of China.
Tooism is a type of animism and pantheism.
238 ENDOFPAGE
In contrast to Confucianism, taoism is quite anti-author.
His message is of the freedom and spontaneousness of the man; the authority, whether it should exist, whether it is discreet, makes it possible, that the people may believe what they are doing.
The historic origin of taoism is not true.
Saepe, Laozi, a contemporary of Confucio, is seen as his founder; a major author and thinker is Zhuangzi.
The organized religion of Taoism was founded during the Han dynasty, when it was organized according to the model of Buddhism, but with its own doctrines.
The ordinary Chinese religion, with its myriads of gods, immortals, spectres and spirits, is often connected to taoism.
XYZ The Lion King (film of 1994)
The Lion King  ("The King Leon") is a 1994 state-of-the-art music animation film produced by Walt Disney Feature Animation and launched by Walt Disney Pictures.
It is the 32nd Disney animated film, and the five animated film produced during the period of Disney's Renascentia.
The royal king was led by Roger Allers and Rob Minkoff, who was led by Don Han, and has a writer credit to Irene Mecchi, Jonathan Roberts, and Linda Woolverton.
239 ENDOFPAGE
The royal king of Simba's (Swahili for lion) story, a young lion who is expected to succeed his father, Mufasa, as king of the First Land.
The Lion King was tossed on June 15, 1994.
A photo-realistic computer-animated remake of the Jon Favreau-directed film was released on 19 June 2019.
XYZ Arachnida
The Arachnidos is a class (_Arachnida_) of articulation - gabbing invertebrate animals in the subphyle Chelicerata.
There are eight feet of arachnidos, even though the previous pair of legs in a few species have become a sensory function, but in other species, different expenses may grow to a great extent of the appearance of supernumerary legs.
The term is derived from the Greek word αραχνη (_arachne_), meaning aranea.
Almost all the already existing arachnidos are earthly.
Some of them live in a gentle environment, except for the pelagic area, the sea environment.
They understand more than 100,000 known species, called spiders, scorpions, opilions, riches, hooves, and Solifugae.
XYZ Halogenos
240 ENDOFPAGE
The halogenes (from Greek to Greek) (whales_) (salt) and γλον (_gen) born) are the non-metallic elements of group 17 of the periodic tablet, consisting of the fluorine elements (F), chloro (Cl), bromine (Br), yodo (I), status (At), and Tenness (Tn).
In their natural form they are met as diatomic mills, X2.
In order to achieve a higher level of energy, one more electric is required for what has a tendency to form a mononegative moon, X.
This is called halour_; the halls that contain it are known as halours_.
XYZ Description
The halogens possess an electronegativity of 2.5 according to Pauling's ladder, presenting fluoride as the most electronegative and diminuating towards the base of the group.
They are oxydante elements (within this characteristic towards the base of the group), and fluorine is able to combine with most of the elements at the highest status of oxydation they present.
Many scientific and natural compounds contain halogenes; these compounds are called with servile_composals.
The thyroid hormones contain yodo atoms.
XYZ History
The name (halogen) is from the Greek (salt) (salt (salt) and the English-language countries (salt) born.
241 ENDOFPAGE
It shall refer to the property of each of the halogens to form, with sodium, a salt similar to common salt (sodium chloride).
XYZ Obtention
Reactivity is so great in the halogens that they rarely appear to be free in nature.
It is met mainly in the form of dissolving rooms in sea water or in extensive salt deposits in old geologic epochs for evaporation of inland seas.
Atato, which is the name of the name of the name of the name (unstabile_) is obtained from the shelling of biscuth with alpha particulates (nuclees of helium).
XYZ Proper and Composite
The physical status of the halogens in normal surrounding conditions fluctuates between the gaseous fluoride and chlorus and the solidation of yodo and at the same time; bromine, for its part, is liquid at room temperature.
Other physical properties, such as melting and boiling points, density and medium radio of the world, vary in order by growing fluoride to the yodo.
The specific heat is divided in the religion.
Fundamental chimic characterism of halogens is its oxidative capacity.
The oxydation energy of the halogens is the greatest in fluoride and is divided until Iodo.
242 ENDOFPAGE
Astato, because of his radio-activity, forms scarce and instable compounds.
The golden, relatively large and colourless waves possess high stability, especially in the event of fluories and glours.
All the members of the groups have courage of -1 and combine with metals to form halours, as with metals and non-metals to form complex waves.
The first four elements of the group read easy with the hydro-carbons, they get the halo-alkanes.
XYZ Applications
Fluoride derivatives have a notable importance in the field of industry.
Fluidated hydro-carbons are conspicuous, like the cool anti-freeze and the teflon resin, a lubricating of notable mechanical properties.
Fluorides are useful as insecticidals.
Chloro finds his main application as a white agent in textile and paper-manufacturing industry.
Etiam is employed in the sterilization of potable water and of pools, and in the industry of dyes, medicines, and disinfectants.
243 ENDOFPAGE
The bromuros operate medicines like sedatives, and silver joke is used as a fundamental element on photographic plates.
Iodo is employed as an antiseptic in the event of vultures and artichokes.
XYZ Technologists without contact
The non-contact expression (unEnglish: _contacts_) shall be used to refer to electronic technology within which data is transmitted, and shall be grateful for the registration or payment of a fee to the passage of a person in a certain closed location, but without the need to physically touch the information with the subject (one letter, one sound, one smart jewel) to send the information at the same time.
In the world this type of technology is sometimes used for:
- merchant inventory (radioidentification)
- payment (non-contact cards)
In general, as if for transport services, homelessness, or the administrative economy of the Laboro.
On the other hand of the 2019 Pandemia of coronavirus, the need to avoid physical contacts has led to a huge growth in automation in the supercity field.
XYZ The speed of sound
244 ENDOFPAGE
The speed of sound is the propagation of sound waves.
In the Earth's atmosphere it is 343.2 m (at 20 °C) and in water (at 25 °C) it is 1493 m/s.
The speed of sound varies as a function of the means in which it is transmitted.
The speed or dynamic of spread of sound waves depends on the characteristics of the environment in which the propagation is carried out and not on the characteristics of the one or the overall force.
The propagation in the middle can be used to study a few properties of the means of submission.
A body that moves with a greater celerity than the speed of sound (like a supersonic avion or a bollet) causes an accumulation of the waves in a big noise, a sonic crack.
XYZ Propagation Media
Sleep speeds vary depending on the middle through the waves to travel.
Generally material with lower elasticity and higher stiffness transmits faster ones and more densely thickened materials.
In addition, a higher temperature generally results in faster waves.
From these properties, they are generally on the most rapid journey in solidities, and the most slowly in gas, with liquids between them.
245 ENDOFPAGE
XYZ Science
Science (from Latin-science, knowledge) is the various reasons of human knowledge that can be distinguished by its object of different study and by its method of seeking knowledge or truth.
XYZ Classification
A classification scheme is established by the Germanic epistemology scientist Rudolf Carnap who was the first to divide science into pure sciences and applied sciences.
XYZ Pure sciences
Pure or formal sciences: by countervailing to the applied sciences, they are to which they do not concern their practical application.
They use deduction as a search method for truth.
- Logica
Mathematician
XYZ Sciences applied
Sciences applicable or factical:
XYZ Natural sciences
Natural sciences: with the objective of nature study.
246 ENDOFPAGE
Seque l'methodo scientífico:
- Astronomy
- Biology
- Physica
Chimia
XYZ Social Sciences
Other schemas distinguish him:
Social sciences or human sciences: they are all sciences, in their widest recognition that they take care of the aspects of human beings - culture and society - not studied in natural sciences.
The method depends on every particular discipline:
Anthropology
History
- Psychology
- Sociology
-Economy
XYZ Sciences hidden
247 ENDOFPAGE
Occult or alternative sciences: Mysterious knowledge and practice that since the Antiquity you intend to penetrate and control the secrets of nature.
Not the scientific method so that they are not recognized as scientific disciplines.
In general they are considered to be pseudoscient,
XYZ Arab League
The Arab League, with the official name of the Arab States League, is a regional organization of Arab States in South West Asia, and North Africa and North Africa.
It was formed in Cairo on March 22, 1945, with six members: the Saudi Arabia, Egypt, Iraq, Trans-Jordan (renamed Jordania depois 1946), Lebanon and Syria.
Yemen joined the League in 5 May, 1945.
The Arab League today has 22 members after the re-admission of Libya in 2011.
The independence of South Sudan, also in 2011, has reduced the extension of the League without reducing the number of members.
XYZ Membros and dates
The Arab League has been founded in Cairo in 1945 by Egypt, Iraq, Lebanon, Saudi Arabia, Syria, Trans-Jordan (Jordan depois 1946), and Yemen.
15 additional Arab States and 3 observants have been admitted.
248 ENDOFPAGE
In September 2006, Venezuela was accepted as an observer, and India in 2007
Israel is not a non-abstant Member State that 20 percent of its population is Arabic and that the Arab is one of its official languages.
XYZ Tjörn Bridge
The Tjörn Bridge is a bridge of cabs forced on the Askerö Fjord on Provincial No 160, and together the Källön and Almön islands.
It is the largest of the three bridges that eats Stenungsund on the continent with the Tjörn island.
The two other ones are called the Källösund Bridge and the Steningsön Bridge.
The Tjörn Bridge replaced the previous bridge, the Old Tjörn Bridge, but its official name was the Almön Bridge.
It was built by the Star Clipper Ship in 1980.
See more in below.
Tjörn's new bridge was built very fast after the disaster within 17 months (ready 22 months post the catastrope).
In order to try the solidity of the bridge in front of the opening, she placed 24 rooms with macadam, each heavy 22 tonns, in two rows along the middle line of the bridge.
249 ENDOFPAGE
The invitation was held on November 9, 1981 by King Carl XVI Gustav.
The costs for the new bridge were 160 million SEK, but with costs for the ferry -boats, etc.
The accident cost $250 million (SEK.680 million in the money value of 2011) The length is 664 m, the opening of the main arch is 386 m, the pylons are 113 m high and 45.7 m high ships can pass.
Largor between the parapets is 15.2 m.
The construction consists of 1400 tons of armature and 12 000 tons of beet.
Builder was Swedish company Skanska.
Rooms on the bridge and some cities:
XYZ The old bridge of Tjörn, to know the bridge of Almön,
The old bridge was named Almöbron (Almön's Bridge).
Like the new bridge, it joined the Almön and Källön islands.
It was built in 1960 and was made of the type of arches.
It was the longest bridge of arches in the world.
It was very stable against the weight of the cars, but it wasn't against the strength of the side which was shown to be catastrophic.
250 ENDOFPAGE
It was almost in the same place and today can still see remains of the foundations.
XYZ Catastrophe 1980
In the night of January 18, 1980, at 01.30 p.m., the Star Clipper mass merchant ship picked up with the arch of the bridge.
It broke all the vehicular part, 278 m long, which lay on the ark and fell down on the ship and in the water.
The ship's command bridge was built together with all the ship's radio communication equipment, but no person on the ship was hurt.
Fortunately, the ball had a VHF-bearing radio and thanks to the clear weather, it happened to clam at the aid, but not enough to stop the traffic.
Some members of the ship's luggage were trying to get to the ground with the rescue boat, but there were a lot of ice bushes there.
In that time, mobile phones weren't very common.
Alarm signs (rochettes) couldn't warn anyone auto.
It took about 40 minutes before the police in Tjörn stopped the train from Tjörn, but a truck running slowly, for the rising coast, happened to stop at the breakup of 15 minutes after the accident, and the driver blocked the road to Tjörn.
251 ENDOFPAGE
He saw how many cars on the other side were rushing about 40 feet into the water, but he couldn't do anything.
Seven veils went on the edge of the darkness and eight people died in them.
The cause of the accident was not found, but one day the ship almost picked up with a mountain in Norway that was not reported to the ball.
XYZ Bambuco
The Bambuo is a Colombian typist inherited from the Quechuas, who used to interpret it during which they have made a ceramica; at this conclusion there has been a fact that the word _bambóco_ is also derived from wampu (cana, balsa) and puku (vassula), and when it comes to _wampu (vasculo in the form of a cano) that at the turn of the Spanish, they did not come to mean correctly; so they converted the word _wampu_ (wámpu_) and at the end of the end of the day.
However, there is a dispute as to the other possible meaning: according to other things, it is the possession, which means that the word _bambuko_ is derived from ku or siamoneros, which means that there is a lot of Indian Mayans from Columbia (if they exist) who invented the Bambuco.
XYZ Qualities of this rhythm and ethnic exports
252 ENDOFPAGE
The Bambuco can be sung, played, and performed in a moment. His arrival was in the Andin Columbian region, and was the result of the mix of several dances, the consequences of the racial mix that took place in the continent after the arrival of the Spanish people.
Though it was actually in this dance that elements of Indian type in its origin prevailed, it was very influential with other racial groups.
XYZ Bambuco and Nationality
This rhythm accompanied the calls of deliverance in all their journeys, in search of and in the struggle to achieve the independence of these five nations, as if to remember that the company of the liberator Simon Bolivar was in his great majority of the Great Great Great Great (or Sia, _Columbian_).
An example of the Bambuco as a musical rhythm of the Colombian freedom is found at:
Nicaragana XYZ Bambuco
The Nimaraguan Bamboo is more known in Nicaragua as _Son Nica_, but it is actually a Bambuco, according to more music maesters.
The Nicaragan Bambuco is a variant of the Colombian Bambuco.
This variant arose when the Litoral of Mosquitoes was in earlier parts of the Colombian property, and after the extension of the Coast of Mosquitoes to Nicaragua, the Bambuco varied its graceful sound to the singers of Nicaragua and proceeded to spread there.
253 ENDOFPAGE
Other words, the artistic rhythm of the babbler is devoted to music.
The words may be a few, and all who write words for the Bambuco can do it freely and with great variety, without the need for the text to turn around a specific theme.
XYZ Characteristics
Rhythmo dance, as measured in a case of 3/4 or 6/8 (or adversary), written text in octosyllabos, which pertains to its rhythm translation and musical structure at the root of its cyclical syncopation, which shall appear in each order, the melody consist of one or two or three convent gates to the poem, his step in the form of dance is put a foot in front of the other, which shall be on the tip of the foot, which will cause him to pass through this posture and reproach on the other.
XYZ Alcali
In chima, an alkali (with the Arab: _Al-Qaly_) is a basic, ionic salt of an alkaline metal or metallic alkaline terrose element.
Some authors also define an alkali as a base that dissolves in water.
A solution of a soluble base has a pH of more than 7.
Alkaline adjective is commonly used in English as a base synonym, especially of solubil bases.
This late use of the probable term came to pass because there were the first possible basis of the definition of the base of Arrhenius, and it is still a few of the most common bases.
254 ENDOFPAGE
XYZ Difference between alkali and a base
The terms, base, and alkaly, are often used in exchange, particularly in a scientific context.
There are different definitions for alkali.
Alkali is often defined as a base sub.
Of course, two sub-simulations are commonplace.
A basic salt of an alkaline metal or a large metal (It includes Mg (OH) 2 is excluded from NH3.)
A base which is soluble in water and forms hydroxy waves or the solution of a base in water.
(It excludes Mg (OH) 2 from including NH3.)
The second base sub is also referred to as the Arrenius base.
XYZ Protista
Prots are a different group of Eucharyotic microorganisms.
Most of all, prots were treated as a biologic kingdom formally called the Protista, and generally included single-celled organizations that do not belong to the other kingdom.
Molecular information has been used to redefine this group in modern taxonomy as different and sape distantly cognate threads.
255 ENDOFPAGE
The group of prots is now considered to mean different phylos which are not proximously cognized by evolution and has different life cycles, trophic levels, locomotion mods, and cellular structures.
Through its relatively simple levels of organisation, the protistoes are not very common.
These are single-celled, or these are multi-celled without specialized teasing, and this simple cellular organization distinguishes the protistos from other euchars, such as figs, animals, and plants.
The time limit was first used by Ernst Haekel in 1866.
Prots were translated into various groups based on similarities to higher kingdoms: the single animaloid, the protozoans, the plantoid protophytes (for the most part single-celled algas), and the fungoid, the limousian mucores and the water mucores.
These traditional subdivisions, based heavily on surface commonities, have been re-elected by classifications based on phylogenetics (evolutionary cognateness in organisms).
More ancient endings are also used as nonformal names to describe the morphology and ecology of various protise.
Prots live in almost a few surroundings that contain liquid water.
256 ENDOFPAGE
Many diseases, such as seaweeds, are photosynthetic and are importantly primary producers in ecosystems, particularly in the ocean as part of the plankton.
Other diseases, such as Kinetopals and Apicomplexes, are responsible for a number of serious human diseases, such as disease and sleeping illness.
XYZ Science
Protise study is called protistology.
XYZ Toussaint L'Ouverture
François Dominique Toussaint L'Ouverture (23 of 1743 - 7 of April 1803) was a National Hero of Haiti of African descent (from Benin) and a leader in the head of the movement for the independence of the territories colonized by European powers in Latin America.
At the same time he was the first thruster for the release of black slaves.
He was born in a family of slaves in the planting of the Count of Breda, near Cape Haïtien.
The priest taught him to read, to write and some Latin.
At the age of 34 years (in 1777) he gained freedom.
At the Epoch of Toussaint, the island of Hispaniola, discovered on December 5, 1492 by Christophor Columbo, was a French colony since 1697, the year in which Espania in the Pace of Rjiswijk ended his rule in France.
257 ENDOFPAGE
However, the French man's spher, depleted by political and social divides, was not sufficiently stabled and firish, resulting in the eastern region being able to keep its Spanish tradition in which the ethnic influence of the west was simply superficial.
In 1789 the note of the French revolution reached St. Sunday), in the expensive colony.
On the following side, several regional insurrections were inflated, which were in short in a civil war, in which thousands of combatants and citizens were killed - before all persons of African descent.
In 1791 Touissant joined the movement for the release of the slaves in the French part of the Spanish island (appelled to the Holy-Domingue_) in which he had the command.
The war ended in 1793 with the victory of the insurrects and the abolishment of slavery in 1794.
The revolt of the African people was the most victorious in a European colony.
By virtue of his military powers, Toussaint was called the black Napoleon.
Under the command of Toussaint St. Dominague was taken into Spain in the Franco-Spanish War.
But in 1794 he was placed with four thousand soldiers on the side of the French victory, which he entrusted to Touissate the military rank of General of Brigade.
258 ENDOFPAGE
In 1799 there was a new civil war between the previous alliances of the armed forces of Liberty, which Toussaint had in all the crowds of the mulattoes commanded by André Rigaud.
From now on, Toussaint was the incontempt leader of the colony.
In 1801 he also occupied Santo Domingo (the remote Spanish colony in the country's area) which had been governed by French since 1795 (Peace of Basel).
With the occupation of St. Sunday, there was also slavery in this colony's territory (1801) that followed a great agricultural reform.
In 1802 Toussaint was placed in contradiction with France, which did not meet the requiriments of the black people and the revolution in all their aspects.
Toussaint brought the French out of the inn and won the English (pirate) and the last Spanish press and garnishes.
Accordingly, Napoleon Bonaparte, at that time the Prime Consul of the French Republic, sent an expeditionary to St. Domingue who took to Toussaint on June 7, 1802.
He was transferred to France, where he died on April 7, 1803 because of conditions of his arrest in the Force of Joux, near Doubs (Jura) and near the border of Switzerland.
After the removal of Toussaint the Ouverture, the French colony of Saint - Domingue and the slave were reinstalled by a short period of only a year and a half.
259 ENDOFPAGE
On the 1st January 1804 the country declared under the name of Haiti (Aytí) its independence from France.
Haiti was the first country in Latin America to free itself from the pure strength of European colonialism.
At the same time is the first black Republic of the world to follow the Republic of Liberty after 43 years in 1847, where the United States of America was home to about 18,000 freed blacks.
XYZ La Loi de la pudeur
The Loi de la pudeur , the law of the stink, is the translation of a radio debate sent from Paris by the French station on April 4, 1978, into the program _Dialogues_, between the Michel Foucault philosopho, the writer and lawyer of Jean Danet and Guy Hocquenghem, a romance and the founding member of the Homosexual Front of Revolutionary Action, where they dialogue on the completion of the law on the basis of consent in France.
The question was laid on the cap in the context of the sexual revolution of the seventieth year, while the reform of the Criminal Code was in progress.
In 1977, many French intellectuals had signed a petition, the foreign law on the revision of the loi on the seven-year-olds of the seven-year-olds. The law shall be opened on the revision of the law on sexual offences relating to minors, which shall be addressed to the same year by the European Parliament, where they defend the dispenalization of all relations between adults and minors under 15 years (with regard to consent in France).
260 ENDOFPAGE
Finally, the Senate approved 28 June 1978 the proposal (partio of Henri Caillavet) to provide paragraph 2 of Article 330 and paragraph 3 of Article 33 of the Penal Code (partner articles between gay and heterosexual relations), while the attacker (attended to the pouch) with violence, until the National Assembly rejected the proposal of this title by the Court of French Assists, would be judged in the criminal room (in the event of a crime), but the National Assembly rejected the proposal of the law.
The debate was published in French under the title of the Loi de la pudeur_ in the number 37 of the journal of Recherches_, which corresponds to 37 April 1979.
Later, it was included in Foucault's book _Dits et Écrits 1976 - 1979.
In our days, the text of the Loi de la pudeur_remands in a subtle situation of almost -censorship on the internet because of its contents, seen as subversive or inconvenient, so that it is almost entirely invisible in the net, both French and English, and it does not even appear in the web sites specialized on Foucault.
XYZ The main ideas of the text
Michel Foucault and Guy Hocquenghem, in the first place, the criminalisation of sexual offenses, in the 19th century and the creation of the emerging psychology of the category of the perverts,
261 ENDOFPAGE
Foucault outlines that the French penal code of 1810 did not rule sexual conduct, as if the sexuality did not look at the law.
He explains that legislation, in the course of the 19th century, and especially in the 20th century, in the age of Pétain and the age of Mirguet (1960), was always more oppressive.
Foucault, Hocquenghem and Danet report the intensification of society's psychiatrisation and the introduction of social control over sexuality.
Foucault had already expressed this analysis by using the definition of the instrument of sexuality, in his work the want of savoir.
Histoire de la sexualité I_ (1976).
For a legislative act on sexuality, Foucault, who was introduced from the 19th century in France is a teaching of laws on the hundredth century, which may appear to be impossible to define and to become a useful instrument for the purposes of different national traditions.
Foucault outlines that: There shall be a new criminal system, a new legislative system, whose function it is not so much to punish the trespasses of general rules governing morality, how to protect the population or parts of the population which are particularly vulnerable, (it is the case of children).
This will create a division in society: part of the whole, vulnerable, and other, bi-periculous population (adults in general).
262 ENDOFPAGE
The danger of preparing with the intervention of psychiatrics in the courts shall be the handling of the consent of the responsible victims, the handling of the consent of the children, the handling of their speech.
Citing, among other things, the example of the protest movement in Germany at the end of the 19th century, against Article 175 of the German Penal Code which criminalized any gay act, Danet notes that the psychiatrists were preparing a single thing for the abolishment of this law, i.e.
to be able to heal the perverts..[as the gays in the age were considered to be] by the middle of the knowledge that they had declared to have acquired from 1860 around them.
XYZ Martial Art
A martial art (_martial_is from Latin (Marte,_ War God) is generally a school teaching combat technology and the knowledge of control of itself.
The most popular martial art is Japanese or Chinese, with similar schools in all regions and cultures.
The history of martial art comes from the first ages of mankind and is translated into a complex system of dissemination in the cultures of the world.
XYZ Mind image
263 ENDOFPAGE
Mental images are a representation of something in the human mind, which replaces reality and which gives information about it, but which omits others.
Mindful images help thinking, facilitates reasoning and guides behavior -
You can distinguish between external representations, used in everyday life, and representations of the world, which we have in mind.
External representations, at their own hand, shall be subdued between the _pictory_ and_propositional_.
Pictorial representations, such as designs, maps and diagrams, are analogic, i.e. they retain the perceptual structure of the represented world.
In other words, the topological relations are preserved in them among the various elements that contain them.
Propositional representations, sometimes, are not analog, because the relationship between the sign and the object referred to, is arbitrary.
Typical case is the language, in which there is no intrinsic reason to bind an object to the name which we give it, but it is the fruit of a convention.
Linguistic representations have a grammar structure.
In practice they possess not only different classes of symbols, but also rules to connect between them.
264 ENDOFPAGE
It may be said that the information contained in the linguistic representations, not necessary is related to the perceptual channel by which it is transmitted.
This distinction between external representations is also applicable to the representations of men or women.
Analog mental representations have the structure of images and can be visible, hearing, uplifting, and tackling type.
Visive mental images are similar representations to photographs and, as such, rotating and explorable.
Above all, mental images can be explored as if the subject perverts with a map.
Propositional mental representation is more similar to language, but it doesn't mean it's about words, but it's only because we're allowed to get out of abstract terms.
They make up a kind of universal language, which is not linked to a particular language and no perceptual mode.
Normally, the nature of these representations is specified in the terms of predicative calculations, in which the objectives are the arguments, and the relations between them are the predicaments.
Every time a witness is tied to arguments, there's a proposal,
XYZ Vide etimam
- Psychology
265 ENDOFPAGE
- a lie.
Intellect
--Ration
XYZ Fluvio Mulyanka
Mulyanka is a river in the Perme Region, Russia, a fluent levee from Kama.
It comes to the territory of the city Perm and adhering to the Perme district of the Perme Region.
The length of Mulyanka is 52 miles, the pool area is 460.7 square kilometres.
Mulyanka has 35 guiles.
The greatest difficulty is Pyj.
XYZ Oahu
Oahu is the largest third of the Hawaiian islands, the Most Northered Polynesian Archipelago of Polynesia, which contains some of the largest Polynesian islands.
Oahu has approached 2/3 of the population of the state and is the place of the capital city and the most popular, Honolulu, on the south coast of the island to the east of the famous Pearl Harbor (which was bombarded by the Jewish-held empire in the 7 December 1941 attack caused by the entry of the Second World War).
266 ENDOFPAGE
With a few small islands of its shores, like the Ford Island in the Pearl Harbor, and the islands in the Kaneohe Bay on the east coast, its area is 596.7 square miles (1,545.4 square kilometers), the 20 grandest island in the U.S....
XYZ Mozilla Firefox
Mozilla Firefox is a free web worker who was based on Netscape Navigator.
It is compatible with the most used operating systems.
It has a 25 percent market share with over 450 million users.
To display the pages, Firefox uses the Gecko rendering engine, including the most current web standards in addition to some characters intended to anticipate possible standards.
These characteristics include navigation with linguistics, orthograph verification, increasing search, marking the living, a disparaging manager, private navigation, location-based navigation (as known as geolocation), based only on a Google service and an integrated search system using Google in a predetermined form in the main part of localisations.
Functions can be added to extensions, created by third-person developmentists, of which there is a large selection; this is a characteristic one that brought many users to Firefox.
267 ENDOFPAGE
Firefox works in different operating systems such as Microsoft Windows, Linux, Mac OS X, FreeBSD, and other systems.
XYZ History
The Firefox project began as an experimental branch of the Mozilla Project by Dave Hyatt, Joe Hewitt and Blake Ross.
They believed that the commercial demands of the Netscape auspice compromised the usefulness of the Mozilla navigator.
To fight what they considered to be a swollen software called Mozilla Suite, they created an independent worker intended to replace Mozilla Suite.
On 3 April 2003, the Mozilla Organization announced that they intended to change their fire from the Mozilla Suite to Firefox and Thunderbird.
XYZ Prime versions
The Firefox project had many names.
Originally called Phoenix_, he was renowned for manufacturing brand problems with Phoenix Technologies.
The name of the breach, Firebird_, led to an intense response from Firebird's free data base project.
In response, the Mozilla Fund declared that the navigator should always carry the name _Mozilla Firebird_ to avoid confusion with Firebird data base software.
268 ENDOFPAGE
Following an additional view of the development community of the data base server, on February 9, 2004, Mozilla Firebird became _Mozilla Firefox_, often referred to as _Firefox._ Mozilla preferred that Firefox should be opened as _Fx_ or_fx, even though it is very short of _FF_.
The Firefox project was followed by many versions in front of version 1.0 which was published on November 9, 2004.
A series of security and stability settings followed, the Mozilla Foundation published its major upgrade, Firefox version 1.5, on November 29th, 2005.
Firefox 1.5.0.12 was the last official version supported under Windows 95 and Mac OS X 10.3.
XYZ Extended Support Version (ESR)
Firefox ESR is a version of Firefox for organizations and other users who need support extended for mass implementation.
Different from normal publicizations, the ESR shall be updated with new characteristics and bestiaries of every year's behavior, with regular security issues during the year.
XYZ Chromo
Chromo is a chimical element of Cr symbol and atomic number 24.
It is apprehensive for the use of its high lustre.
269 ENDOFPAGE
XYZ Economy based on resources
A resource-based economy is a system in which all goods and services are available without the use of debate or bond system such as money, credit or thunder.
All the resources and all the inherited commons of all the people, not only of a few selections.
The premise on which this system is based is that the Earth is abundant in resources.
Our practice of reasoning the resources for monetary methods is unraveling and counterproductive for our survival.
Money is uniquely important in a society when certain resources necessary for survival must be reasoned with and the people accept money as a means of excamating for scarring resources.
Money is a social concession, a record.
It's not a natural resource, it doesn't represent one.
It's not necessary for us to survive unless we've been engaged to accept it as such.
When the futurists refer to the economy based on resources today, in a post-industrial context, they are usually speaking about systems in which global resources are run as municipal utilities and as a result of money becoming redundant.
No one's holding the water.
270 ENDOFPAGE
Communities create undercrowdings for their collection and distribution as well as the public.
All resources and many products are treated in the same way.
It is expected that such systems will evolve from global digital revenue systems and production of merchants that will be decentralized, local.
The profit and the specification are removed by transferring individual control of the resources and administering their explanation to the system as a global use guided by request.
The result is a moneyless society where all resources are free and automatically distributed in response to the request.
That's what the futurist Jacque Fresco has dubbed Cybernation; world resources mandated by global society commons by a command - building computer - based world use.
XYZ Geoffrey Chaucer
Geoffrey Chaucer (c.
1343 - 25 October 1400) is known as the father of English literature; it helped the legitimacy of the vulgar English language in one was when the dominant tongues were French and Latin.
He is considered to be the best poet in the middle and was the first poet to be buried in the English of Poets in Westminster Abbey.
He was an author, a philosopho, an alchemist, and an astronomer; in civil service, he was a clerk, a palatian, and a diplomat.
271 ENDOFPAGE
Though he is known for his work by the accounts of the Canterbury_, he wrote some novels and poems.
Like a prolific author, more than two thousand English languages are held for the first time at a Chaucer opera, and some of these words are all written in interlingua, thanks to the historic and international influence of its works.
XYZ Influence on Interlingua
The derivation of words in interlingua is based on a group of seven languages, including English, French, Italian.
Though he was an English author, Chaucer was influencing the Italian poetry and French poetry of his era, and often included angling words of these languages.
Thank you for the popularity of your works, I gave you the short word of the Romanian word in English language vocabulary; in the 20th century, these words were already running when interlingua was derived.
As exemplary, these words are written in interlingua with no changes in orthographies: unaccidental, arbitative, derogation, domination, movement, humiliation, questioning, translation, laxative, longitude, opposite, oriental, perpendicular, reverberation, session, village_.
These English words have become interlingual words, but with orthographic changes: (centaur_ (centaur), (collect_) (collect), (femininity_ (femininity), (galliard_ (galliard), (murmur) (murmurr), (offer) (officio), (officio) (peace), (saffron) (surrender), (superstitiose),)
272 ENDOFPAGE
The examples are not the full list of the words attached to his works.
Free XYZ Software
XYZ Free Software Definition
This definition of free software shall be maintained to show clear conditions that a particular software programme shall be satisfied to be considered free software.
The understanding of free software is found in freedom, not in price.
To understand the idea, to think of freedom of expression, not at the entrance of the theatre, for example.
Free software is the freedom for the user to execute, copy, distribute, study, change and improve software.
More precisely, it refers to four types of freedom, for the users of the software:
Freedom 0: the freedom to run the programme, to any proposal.
Freedom 1: Freedom to study the functioning of the programme, and to adjust it to personal needs.
Access to the original code is a precondition for it.
Freedom 2: Freedom to redistribute copies so that they can help a neighbour.
273 ENDOFPAGE
Freedom 3: Freedom to improve the programme, and to publish bestowals, so that all the community will profit from them.
Access to the original code is a precondition for it.
A program is a free software if the users have all these freedoms.
Of this way, it would be free to distribute copies, with or without changes, which may be free or exchange a monetary amount for distribution, to all persons at any location.
These freedoms mean (within other things) that need not be asked or paid permission.
Where there would be equal freedom to make changes and to use them privately in their own work or recreation, even without mentioning the existence of them.
If you choose to publish the changes, you wouldn't have to be forced to notify a person in particular, or a particular way.
Freedom to use a program means freedom for all types of persons or organizations to use it in all kinds of computer system, for all types of projects or work, and without obligation to communicate later to the development or other specifics.
Freedom to redistribute copies shall include binary or program-executible forms, in addition to the original code, for modified and unmodified versions.
274 ENDOFPAGE
(Distributing programmes in executible form is necessary for easy operating systems to install.) There is no problem if there is no method of producing a binary or executable form of a certain programme (see that any languages have no such function), but there must be freedom to redistribute such ways if they find or develop methods of doing them.
In order to provide for freedom to make changes and to publish better releases, we must have access to the original code of the programme.
That's why original code accessibility is an absolute condition for free software.
In order to achieve these freedoms, they must be irrevocable to the condition that they are not wrong; if the development of the software is able to revoke the teaching, without the fact that they have done anything to justify it, the software is not free.
However, certain types of rules on the way to distribute free software are accepted, if they do not comply with central freedoms.
For example, _copyleft_ (for explaining it very simply) is the rule that if the programme is redeployed, it cannot add restrictions that deny other people central freedoms.
This rule does not comply with central freedoms; on the contrary, it protects it.
XYZ Theory of Chords
275 ENDOFPAGE
Chordate theory (unEnglish (String theory_) is a theory where the physique of whens and general coalesce relativeness.
It does not only describe gravitation, but also other fundamental tasks of how many; because of this, it is often called _theory_.
Chordate theory is established, but it doesn't explain a lot of general questions that couldn't be experienced or tested.
However, a multitude of physiques look forward to studying this theory and trying it.
The theory of the cradles and the theory of the overcrowded are not experienced or confirmed, but many scientists believe in their theories.
XYZ John Adams
John Adams (Braintree, Massachusetts on October 30, 1735 - Quincy, Massachusetts on June 4, 1826) was one of the Founding Fathers of the United States and the second president of the United States of America.
During the American Revolution he served in diplomatic rolos in France and the Lower States.
During the chairmanship of George Washington, he was the (primarily) vice-chairman.
His son, John Quincy Adams, was the sixth president.
276 ENDOFPAGE
XYZ External bindings
Biography of the White Domo site
XYZ Alberta
Alberta is a province of Canada, where the Rocose Mountains add the great prairies of Central North America.
The two typical economic products of Alberta are oil and cattle.
The tourism sector is important in the beautiful mountain destinations like Banff, Jasper and Laco Louise.
Alberta is appointed in the honour of Princess Louise Caroline Alberta (1848-1939), the daughter of Queen Victoria and Prince Consort Albert, who lived in Canada in 1878 until 1883 while her husband served as Governor-General.
XYZ Rabies
Rabies (hydrophobia) is a disease caused by viruses that can infect all mammoths by including people.
Receptibility is very different and among the most receivable animals are foxes.
XYZ A deep-pitched zoo
This disease is a very timid zoo.
277 ENDOFPAGE
The virus causes encephalities and exists in large parts of Europe, especially in Eastern Europe, even if the situation has improved the last few years.a.
thanks to the vaccinations made of foxes and other wild animals with edible holidays.
Great Britannia, Ireland, Norway, Norway, Sweden, Australia, New Zealand and Japan have been free of this disease for many years.
On the other continents the situation is very pemorous and even in the United States of America rages is a problem.
XYZ The virus
The virus is a RNA virus and belongs to the Lyssavirus.
There are fine lyssaphas that can cause similar p.ex illnesses.
Duvenage, which infects evenings, even Denmark, and Mokola, which infects dogs in Africa, is not innocent for men.
The rabies virus has the form of a rifle ball and the length is 180 nm and the diameter is about 75 nm.
Fortunately, there's a lot of short duration in the body, and it's very sensible for a lot of disinfectants.
XYZ Infection Way
The virus is transmitted via infected saliva and morsuras are extremely dangerous.
278 ENDOFPAGE
But I don't have to forget that if there are flints in the skin, it's enough.
Virus is multiplied in the musculature at the place of injury and after the duration of incubation they will be lost via the nerves to the central nervous system.
Thanks to these slow disclosures of the virus, a vaccination may be achieved at least a time after the injury, which is solved by other tasks.
After all, the virus will also be destroyed via the nerves in the salivary gills.
This may happen a few days before the symptoms of the disease begin.
Anti-corpors with whom the disease may be diagnosed are reproachful later.
The disease almost always ends with death and the cause of death is paralyzed by breathing when the centre of breathing is damaged.
XYZ Symptomas
Symptoms are very different from different animals, and below are the symptoms of dogs described because this animal is the most often made of people.
There are several different stages in the same animal.
Prodromal status: first dog often demonstrates change of temperament.
279 ENDOFPAGE
A dog that is usually anxie can be cared for and a dog that is normally amazed can be bitten.
This station usually lasts 2 -3 days.
Then there are two categories of symptoms that happen.
Sometimes a dog can have a few different categories.
The dumb state is silent: the dog is silent and indolent and is often hidden.
Paralyses occurred, e.g. of the language and mandible musculature.
It may not eat and drink.
The state is furious: the dog is uneasy and almost never sits down or gets up.
It's getting aggressive and it's dying even more imaginable things.
It can run long distances and attack all.
The appetite is perverse.
After 1-4 days, convulsions and paralyses begin.
XYZ Prophylaxe
And people and animals can be vaccinated, but they need to do it in front of them, or immediately after an injury.
For wild animals there are peroral holidays.
280 ENDOFPAGE
The first successful vaccination against this disease was done by Louis Pasteur in 1885.
XYZ Subtitule
Subtitle is a technical tie to the audiovisual content, notably cinematographic, consisting of the text display (subtitles) at the bottom of the image, as a movie spread.
This cinema-initiated technology has also been transposed into television, where it can provide all kinds of programmes like television series, documentaries, television newspapers, etc.
It applies today to all audiovisual media, the Internet, etc.
XYZ Subtitle or duple
Subtitle is, with duplage (which he has preceded), one of the two ways of translating the spoken words of a film or of an audiovisual programme as well as the apparent inscriptions in the schermo.
The sub-title consists of showing a translation, synchronous with the dialogue, on the bottom of the joke (or sometimes, like in Japan, on the side).
It's expensive that duplage (for it has no costs linked to sound registration: study, actors, etc.), it's dominant in countries where languages reach a limited audience.
XYZ Ivan Petrovich Pavlov
281 ENDOFPAGE
Ivan Petrovich Pavlov (Russian: Иван Петрович Павлов) (Ryazan, 14 September 1849 - Leningrad, 27 February 1936) was a Russian physicist.
Pavlov's reaction was called according to him.
In 1904 he received the Nobel Prize for Physiology or Medicine, not for his famous research of classical conditioning (the reaction of Pavlov), but for his pursuit of digestion.
As part of this research, he measured the production of salt in dogs after the administration of different types of food.
However, he met the effect that the dogs had already begun to make a way before he had given them food, and even if he had finished feeding them.
Pavlov continued to search for this phenomenon, for example ringing a bell five seconds in front of the feed.
After a few times the production of dog was already manifested at the ring of the bell.
This is called today's seasoned reflection, and the phenomenon that Pavlov discovered is called classical condition; if a stimulo A (the bell) repeats a precluded stimulo B (the food) that produces a certain (salt production) behaviour, it will bring the only stimulable to the end, but it will also lead to B-single.
To study the phenomenon of the conditioned reflection, Pavlov and his students had many extensive and systematic experiments.
282 ENDOFPAGE
Such conditioning processes formed a few behavioural psychology on the basis of all human and animal apprehension.
This account corresponded well with the Zeitgeist of the field, in which the experts of Darwinism and scientific materialism promoted the formation of a Mechanic Weltanschauung according to Descartes.
At the same time, the Russian colleagues of Pavlov Ivan Sethenov were 'reflexologos' by Vladimir Bechterev.
As a matter of fact, Sethenov was the first Russian Psychologo to experience reflexes, but Pavlov became much more famous than he had.
XYZ Pulmones
Pulmones are the primary organs for breathing in humans and many other animals, including a few fish and some cocks.
In the mammales and majority of the other goats, two lunges are placed close to the thorn on the sides of the heart.
Their functioning in the breathing system is to extract the oxygenum from the atmosphere and to transfer it in the circulation of the blood, and to distinguish the carbon from the circulation of the blood in the atmosphere in a gas exchange.
Respiration is made out of different muscle systems in different species.
Mammales, reptiles and birds use their muscular -skeletal systems to support and encourage breathing.
283 ENDOFPAGE
XYZ Truth
The truth is an account of the philosophy which serves to assess facts and judgments in terms of true or false.
It applies to all ideas and proposals and not to other linguistic expressions or behavior.
The truth is up to the lie.
XYZ Concepts of Truth
The concept of truth is different from the age or theological school.
You can distinguish all the followings:
It's true, what we're saying or thinking is true when it's up to what's going on, or it can be perceived in reality.
Proof depends on the existence of a foreign world, and therefore on the hypothese that this world can be known, as if it were denied by many (as if it were preached by scepticism).
Verily, as consistent, a statement is true for a certain community if it is consistent with other claims which the community accepts.
This is why it comes to use and is used in logic and science in general, where it is served in the following sense: we accept that anything is true if it can be demonstrated in anger or if it cannot be rejected at the moment (failification).
284 ENDOFPAGE
Subjective truth: what anyone considers to be true.
This is associated with personal belief, with the experience of the world.
There are different degrees of such relativism.
The religion uses the expression of absolute truth as a synonym for God or for revelation.
Pragmatic truth: while it is impossible to achieve a truth without doubt, it is acceptable to the fact that it is useful for everyday life or to achieve the question of a particular study.
XYZ Oliver Wood
Oliver Wood (or perhaps Oliver Baston in Interlingua: for the meaning of the name: Wood, see the paragraphs below) is a personage in the _Harry Potter_.
In the first three romances of the series he is a student in the Hogwarts school and the captain of the Quidditch team of the Gryffindor Dom.
English word ?wood_ (as in French) can mean or forest/-silve, o-ligno. The common supernome .. (as the Portuguese supernomes .Silva_e . Da Silva_e and the French supernome .Dubois_) originally meant a person from the forest.
But the other sense of speech is the basis for a play of words in the seventh chapter of the first romance, Harry Potter and Petra Philosophal.
285 ENDOFPAGE
Professor McGonagall, the chief of Domo Gryffindor, sees how he commits a violation of the rules of school in a way that shows the professor that he would be a big talent player in Quidditch.
She wants to introduce Harry to Wood without delay and command that he would not explain his reason to the boy, who thinks he was going to punish him.
When they come to the class in which Wood studies at the moment, then he asks the professor of the class if he can borrow Wood, he (who does not know that it is a man's name) thinks that the common thing in England is a reference to a wooden can with which he beats him (a barbecued method of preparing to be common in England until the middle of the 20th century).
In French translation of the Romans the name of the character is Olivier Dubois.
In French, there is the same ambivalence as in English, one of the bulls of the forest is a very common supername, according to the translation the original English word game is very good.
In some other translation, the name (like the majority of names, including: Harry Potter, is not translated and the word game is lost: the character is named Oliver Wood in Spanish and German for example.
286 ENDOFPAGE
But in some names the name is changed to create a version of the game as in French: in Catholic the name of the personage is Marco Roure, Marco Querco, or perhaps a framework of querco, and it's Oliver Baston in Romana, a language in which a language in which a person has the same meaning as in interlingua.
XYZ Edward Jenner
Edward Jenner (May 17, 1749 - 26 of Januario 1823), British doctor, celebrated for his discovery of vaccination against the rod.
Jenner was born in the story of Gloucestershire, which he rarely left. (James Cook invited him to take part in his second circumnavigation of the world, but he declined.)
He studied first at Cirencester Grammar School, and later at London under Hunter and others at St George's Hospital, and was soon noticed by people of scientific distinction.
After the completion of his medical study, Jenner returned to his native Gloucestershire and worked as a walking doctor.
He was elected to the Royal Society for his observations of worm dwellers, published in 1788.
Since 1718 he had tried to make a vagabond in men, with puffs made out of a person who had been infected with a sickness, but Jenner noticed that women who were dealing with cows often went out of cows, with the rod of cows (a disease similar to variola, but benevolent: fever takes a few days, above the hands of holidays) were rarely worth the rod.
287 ENDOFPAGE
He did research to confirm this fact and started an experiment.
On May 14, 1796, he took from the hands of a woman who was infected with the rod of the cows, and introduced it to the hands of a boy who was not still suffering from those diseases.
The boy developed the rod of the cows, and then Jenner infected him with the rod.
He did not dispel this illness, even after many trials: the boy was vaccinated.
XYZ New Rome
_New Rome is an international revivalist organisation that remains a political reconstructionist in 1998 (or MMDCCLI AUC in the Roman calendar) by Joseph Bloch and William Bradford, later incorporated into Maine as a non-profit with a religious and educational mission.
New Rome intends to promote the restoration of religion, culture, and virtues to remain classical, and ideals to remain in common,
Reportedly, when it comes to good news about the culture, Latin language, customs and old clothes, and historical construction guides, New Rome intends to be more than a community of historical representatives, and more than a group of historical studies.
Strimska, Davy, Adler, and Gallagher -Ashcraft refer to it as a reconstructionist polytheistic community.
288 ENDOFPAGE
For it has a structure based on the Roman Republic, old, with a senate, executive magistrates and law makers, and voting for the committee, and with its custom, and for the New Rome Wiki shall declare and ensure that the group shall be identified as a sovereign nation, plus outside observants classifies it as a micronation.
XYZ Religion remains
New Rome has adopted the religion as its religion of state, yet it shall maintain the freedom of religion of its cities.
Like a polythestic Reconstructionist, the Old Roman religion is referred to as Romanorum (Latin territories used by adherents of New Rome when they refer to their religion) called to attract a lot of people from the military background.
The religious traditions of domestic and the so-called state religion (_sacra publica_) are represented in the courts of New Rome, including the restoration of the old priesthood, and the honour of the complete cycle of the feasts remains for the year.
Second to the Ontario Consultants on Religious Tolerance, at Christmas time, new Romans are celebrating the feast of Saturnalia.
In 2006 Margot Adler noticed the plan of the organization to restore the Magna Mater fan in Rome.
XYZ Living events
289 ENDOFPAGE
New cities remain at such events as the Feast of Old Heresy in Svistov, Bulgaria, on the Die of Roman Market in Wells Harbor Park, Maine, on the _Forum Fulvii_ in Italy, on the _Ludi Savarienses_ Historic Carneval or on the _Floral of Aquincum_ Feast of Spring in Hungary.
XYZ Competitions and cultural games
Among the cultural activities of New Rome, competition and games associated with various holidays are important places.
They can include a large field of various shows from lively moody games to serious art competition like the famous novelist in all the world, where the Jew was made up of famous news stories.
Dr. Colleen McCullough, author of many romances best-seller of theme remains, and Prof. Dr. T. P. Wiseman, a university professor of history, remains to be the vice-chairman of the British Academy.
Dr. T. P. Wiseman, a university professor of history, remains to be the vice-chairman of the British Academy.
XYZ Historical texts
XYZ
Reviving things remains and their cooperation for symbolic importance has a long history.
New Rome_ (in Latin, literaryly, New Rome, in its deliberate revival of the great remands of the past, so that the other New Romes will be like
290 ENDOFPAGE
The Byzantine Empire or the Eastern Roman Empire, as the surviving incarnation of the ideas, shall be based on the Empire (wholesome character as the New Rome, or the United Rome), after the decline of the empire, remain in the West.
- the doctrine of Tertie Rome, as justified by Moscow and Russian imperial ambitions from the 15th century
For a new empire is based on the Mediterranean in the first half of the 20th century.
XYZ Potassium
Potassium is a K-symbol chimic element (of _kalium_) and atomic number of 19.
It's an alkali silver soft metal - white which is very reactive.
Potassium is required for the functioning of all living cells and perhaps 95% of its production is used in fertilizers.
XYZ B. F. Skinner Burrhus Frederic Skinner (Martio 20 1904 - 18 August 1990) was a state-of-the-art Czech. He was born in Susquehanna, Pennsylvania, SUA.
291 ENDOFPAGE
Skinner was responsible in large part for the development of philosophy of radical behaviour and also for technical behaviour in psychology, a branch of psychology that is necessary to develop a unified theory of animal and human behavior based on principles of learning (or education).
He showed the condition of the operation and disveloped this technician in contrast to the classical condition.
Important areas included the condition of behaviour, punishment, positive and negative strengthening and the effect of this condition on future behaviour.
XYZ Superstition in the columba
One of Skinner's most famous and interesting experiments examined the formation of superstition in one of his favorite animals for experience, the pigeon.
Skinner put a series of pigeons with hunger in boxes attached to an automatic mechanism that delivered food to the pigeon in regular intervals without anything pertaining to the behaviour of the bird.
He discovered that the pigeons were associating the food delinquently with any actions they were trying to accomplish when food appeared, and that they continued to do the same depoise.
XYZ A bird was convinced to go back into the box, doing two or three wheels with reinforcings.
292 ENDOFPAGE
Another stretched out his head repeatedly in one of the tall corners of the box.
There was a third bird trying to unravel a waving answer, as if he had put his head on the bar and raised it again.
Two thirds of the birds made a hanging motion out of the head and the body, in which the head was spread forward and hung up with a quick motion followed by a slower return.
Skinner thought that the pigeons believed that they were influencing the automatic mechanism with their rituals, and that the experiment also lit up human behavior:
XYZ One may say that the experiment shows a lot of superstition.
The bird behaves as if there were a causal relationship between its behaviour and the presentation of food, a non-nobstantiation that such a relationship did not exist.
There are many analogies in human behavior.
Rituals for changing fortunes and situations or consequences are good examples.
Some accidental connections between rituals and favourable consequences are enough to establish and maintain the wrong behavior of many moments without strengthening.
The bouchling player, who continues to move his body as if he was able to influence the bowlling-ball course, is another example.
293 ENDOFPAGE
These obvious behaviors have no effect on fortune or on the course of a bowling-ball, as in the case of pigeons food would still appear if the pigeon didn't do anything - or better - did something different - the results would be the same.
Skinner is popularly well known by his books: _Walden Two_ and _Beyond Freedom and Dignity_ (_Ultra freedom and dignity_).
A visit to a common utopia in 1950 in the United States shall be described by a visit to a common utopia in 1950 in the United States, where the productivity and happiness of the citizens is made known to the outside world because of their practice of scientific social plan and the functioning condition of children.
Beyond Freedom and Dignity (_Ultra liberate and dignity_) before the teasing of the obsolete social councils, such as freedom, and indignity, threatens the survival of the human species, and also ensures the functioning of human beings to ensure their productivity and happiness.
Skinner wrote many books.
XYZ Violence
Violence is a term used to describe human and animal attacks.
It's the opposite of friendly behavior.
It wouldn't have to be confounded with aggression.
XYZ Good Violence
294 ENDOFPAGE
Some say that violence can be good or permissible when someone defends himself against unread violence or when an army or a soldier in control of a fought nation or defends himself against others under general laws and the idea of world law.
XYZ Bad Violence
Violence can also be illeginating or unfair when it's unprovoked.
Pacifistas like Leo Tolstoy, Mahatma Gandhi, and Martin Luther King, Jr.
it would say that all violence is unread.
XYZ Difference
If violence is right or not, it's a rich decision to decide who is the victim and who is the aggressor.
A few times, economic and social aid aspects can be determined.
XYZ Typses of Violence
Violence can be:
Verbal or psychologic: insults, injuries or whatever offends other people's feelings.
Physicist: combat, murder, or plague anyone.
Sexual: a person who makes another person such sexual acts that he or she does not want.
295 ENDOFPAGE
Symbolic: to show that you are against a leader or a group, to the ideas or nationality of which you choose.
For example, see the Nazism,
Racial: when the victim of a violent act is chosen for his race, he will example the Nazi and Ku Klux Klan.
XYZ Sociology
Sociology is the least of knowledge to explain the behavior of being human in society, studying social logic, and taking care of the reasons that explain the general behavior of people.
Sociology is science that studies human society and social conduct.
Because of their interest in social interaction, sociologs have a tendency to pay attention to groups in the midst of individuals.
XYZ Exegese
Sociology studies human society and, more concretely, different collectivities that form it and causes that originate social divides and changes.
XYZ The particular behaviors of human beings are the subject of study of psychology.
296 ENDOFPAGE
XYZ The prospect of agentship, which can only work on general trends, seen that the behaviour of human beings is free and thus impossible to predict.
Structural approximations shall arise the opposite: the individuals are completely conditioned or determined by social structures, they are mere puppets of the upper structures.
Sociology is only one of social sciences - the group of academic disciplines that studies different aspects of social behaviour among people.
Among other social sciences are anthropology, psychology, economics, political science and history.
Sociology as academic discipline increased from the social tumulto of Europe to the 18th and 19th centuries.
But it did not arise as formal academic discipline until the middle of the 19th century, when the Frenchman Auguste's account concluded the word of society to describe the study of society.
Other influential sociologists of the 19th century were Karl Marx, Herbert Spencer, Emile Durkheim, and Max Weber.
XYZ Cupro
The cup is a Chimic element with the symbol which is written (with the Latin_cuprum_) and the atomic number of 29.
It is a ductile metal with thermal and electric very high conductiveness.
297 ENDOFPAGE
The pure cup is soft and malleable; the expounded surface presents red -orange oxidation.
It is used as a driver of heat and electricity, building material, and a constituent of various metallic ties.
XYZ Vide etimam
Metal
XYZ William Harvey
William Harvey (born on April 1, 1578; died in the heart of June 3, 1657) was British physician, who had written the words of blood in his book (Anatomical Exercation of Motu Cordis and Sanguinis in Animalibus) for the first time.
XYZ Terra Medie
The Middle or Mediterranean Land (with English: _Middle Earth_, a translation of the ancient Scandinavians: _Miðgarðr_, Midgard) is a region of the imaginary universe where the history of the Romans is developed by the Hobbit and the Lord of the Rings and other works by J.R.R.
Tolkien.
The history of the world is divided into four times.
The Prime Epoch has begun with the creation of the universe to fight (the name of the primary divinity in Tolkien's cosmogony).
298 ENDOFPAGE
The Second Epoch has begun with the destruction of the power of Morgoth, the Tertie Epoch has begun with the first destruction of the power of his servant Sauron, and the Fourth Epoch has started with the second and final destruction of the power of Sauron and the rule of Man.
XYZ International Interlingua Conference 1989
The 9th International Interlingua Conference was in Heino (nl), a small city near Zwolle (nl), Nederland, the 22nd June until 30nd June, 1989.
The organizer was the World Union for Interlingua (UMI), whose secretary-general Frank Esterhill had been since 1982.
He wished to retire, and during the conference was chosen as the interim Secretary-General of the United Nations - Secretary Ferenc Jeszensky (*1932), Hungary
XYZ British Insulas
British Insulas forms an archipelago on the north-east side of mainland Europe.
Apart from six thousand small islands, the biggest one is Great Britannia and Ireland.
XYZ Magnesium
Magnesium is a chimic element of Mg symbol and atomic number 12.
It's a terrible alkaline metal and it's the most abundant eight elements on the Earth's cross and no one in the entire universe.
299 ENDOFPAGE
XYZ Ray Manzarek
Raymond Daniel Manzarek (Chicago, Illinois, SUA, 12 February 1939 - Rosenheim, Germany, 20 May 2013) was a statunite music and the slaver of the rock band The Doors, from 1965 to 1973, and from 2001 (for legal reasons, called Manzarek -Krieger since 2009).
In general, Manzarek was the band's slaver, and Jim Morrison was the vocalist, but in the song, only to you, recorded by the original version of The Doors, it's Jim Morrison, Manzarek was the singer, not Morrison.
After the death of Morrison, The Doors published two albums, Full Circle and Other Voices, in which the voices were by Manzarek or Robbie Krieger, the guitarist.
He recorded a rock adaptation of Carmina Burana by Carl Orff with Philip Glass.
Manzarek also formed the band Nite City, which published two albums: one album in 1976 and one in 1978.
Ray Manzarek died 20 May 2013 at the Romed Clinic in Rosenheim, Germany, after a long battle against the galling duct cancer, at age of 74.
At the time of his death, he was accompanied by his wife, Dorothy Manzarek, and his brothers Rick and James Manzarek.
The body of Manzarek was burned.
XYZ Dannebrog
300 ENDOFPAGE
The banner of Denmark is called Dannebrog, meaning the standard of Danish,
It is red with a white cross that goes to the side of the flag and is considered the oldest official flag in use in Europe.
Crossed flags are known in Northern Europe at the first time in the northern countries (Islanda, Norway, Sweden, Finland and the autonome areas of the Aland and the Faroe Islands).
The flag is said to have the origin of the Danish crucible period in the year 1100-1200.
The myth says that Dannebrog fell out of the sky during the light of King Valdemar Victoria (in Danish: Valdemar Sejr) near Lyndanisse (hoday, Tallinn) against the Estonians in June 15th, 1219.
Dannebrog is celebrated in Denmark on June 15 as the official day of raising the flag.
Dannebrog is also the name of the gift ship, built in Copenhagen and launched in 1931.
The ship shall serve as an official and private resident for the family of Regals, when it is made up of summer expeditions in Denmark or official visits to other countries.
The present gift ship is number two.
The first one, which was a ship of wheels, was named Dannebrog.
301 ENDOFPAGE
It was in the run of 1879 -1931.
XYZ Christian names
There were, in the past, some denominations that were done today, no more than the gospels contained in the Bible, and the Aryans (who believed that Jesus Christ was created, no more to be made with God the Father), and that there were many more than ones who had not been able to enter the church for a long time.
Whether or not these groups were inherited (new doctrines laid against original doctrines), or whether they believed that they were just not defined until they were at the point.
Other very ancient schisms were born to monophysite and Nestorian churches.
The largest division in today's Christianity is among the Orthodoxy, the Roman Catholicism, and various denominations that were formed during and after the Protestant Reformation.
There are several categories of unity and division among the Protestants.
Western branches of Christianity
Eastern branches of Christianity
- Other branches of Christianity
302 ENDOFPAGE
XYZ Derived genetic
A genetic derivative is an evolutionary force that comes together with natural selection by changing species characters in time.
Like the selection, it comes to the population, assembling alleys and the predominance of characters over the members of a population, and changing the diversity of the group.
Genetic drift effects are accented in small sizes and result in changes that are not necessary.
It's a random change in the frenchness of the alleys of one generation to another.
It usually gives a loss of less frequent alleys, resulting in a diminution in the genotypic diversity of the population.
That's why it's the change of the leafwork in a population, regardless of mutations, selections, migrations.
The loss of the loss or the inheritance of the reed is made of the hassle, therefore each individual who is reproducing the means of his or her legal heritage to his or her descent.
In a small population, it is strictly unavoidable that certain alleys are not transmitted by a few adults to their offspring.
303 ENDOFPAGE
Moreover, certain individuals don't have any descent.
The number of alleys (genetic variability) is reduced.
Among the alleys, surviving, some of them are going to have their original divide or on the contrary increase.
Genetic drifts can be natural.
It will appear on every single floor of a population of small size, for example an insulated population in the island.
But it can also be caused by man, in a limited group of animals he has tamed.
The genetic drift is one of the species (new species appearance), at least at a long time.
XYZ Senegal
Senegal is a Francophone country of West Africa.
The land avicines the Gambia (who is almost a native slave), the Atlantic Ocean, Mauritany, Mali, Guinea - Conakry and Guinea -Bissau.
The land is occupied by a semi-arid plain covered with savannas and crossed by three large rivers: the Senegal, the Gambia and the Casamance.
On the west is the Cape Vert peninsula, which gives its name to the Cape Verde Archipelago.
304 ENDOFPAGE
The Songhai empire was flourishing in the territory of present-day Senegal before the European colonisation.
After independence, Senegal formed with the Swedish Republic (present-day Mali) the Federation of Mali, but left this federation.
Senegal is now a republic of semi-presidential system.
Population is generally poor.
The economy is based on agriculture and river fish.
One of its most important products is the arachide, of which the land is a major exporter.
The French, the official language, the Constitution recognises six national languages: the Wolof, the Serer, the Foot, the Manneka, the Sonne and the Diola.
Wolof is the language used as a free language by the greatest number of persons.
Around 92 percent of the Senegalese population is of Musulman confession.
Sufism is popular in the land; the greatest mystic orders are twigs and murmurs.
Senegal is a Member State of the African Union, the Organization of the United Nations, the International Organization of Francophony, the Economic Community of the States of West Africa and other international organisations.
XYZ Ravenclaw
305 ENDOFPAGE
Ravenclaw is a house of Hogwarts magicians in the series _Harry Potter_ script by J.K. Rowling.
The students in it are very intelligent.
The founder of the house was Rowena Ravenclaw, one of the four magicians and magicians who founded Hogwarts in the tenth century.
The house's symbol is an aquila.
The name of the Domo is English words that are not made of the great heart, and the law of the nail,
The bedroom of Domo Ravenclaw, like the bedroom of Domo Gryffindor, is laid in a tower of Hogwarts.
But dissimilar to Tower Gryffindor and Donjon Slytherin, in Tower Ravenclaw the residents do not use a contrasign to enter.
On the door is a bronzo overlay in the form of an aquila which asks the correct answer to a difficult puzzle (a different enigma every time).
A student who does not answer correctly cannot enter another student uses the door.
The chief of Domo Ravenclaw is Professor Filius Flitwick.
The mirror of the Ravenclaw Tower is Helena Ravenclaw, the one who calls the lady the grey, the daughter of the founder of the house.
Other Ravenclaws include: Luna Lovegood; Cho Chang; Terry Boot; Penelope Clearwater; Michael Corner; Anthony Goldstein; Gilderoy Lockhart; Garrick Ollivander; Padma Patil; and Sybill Trelawney.
306 ENDOFPAGE
On the seventh chapter of the first book of the series of the Harry Potter, A.D., and Petra Philosophal, in the singing of the Assorted Goat, after explaining to the new students that they can be in Gryffindor, or in Hufflepuff, the Cappello sings:
Or in the knowledge of Ravenclaw, if you have a certain mind, where the wise scholar, will always find the people.
In the seventh chapter of the fourth book, South Potter and the Calice of Fire, the Chapel of Assorting says in his song that Rowena Ravenclaw was declosing, an English word that means a narrow value in Scotland.
This reference indicates that Rowena Ravenclaw was a scoundrel.
In the same song, the hat says:
For Gryffindor, the most coursing, was certainly first; for Ravenclaw the most ingenious, would always be able.
XYZ Hugo Chávez
Hugo Rafael Chávez Frias was a Venezuelan soldier and political officer, the 53rd President of Venezuela (February 2, 1999 - 5 March 2013).
After he finished his baccalaureate Chávez entered the Venezuelan army paracadist body.
He has founded the MBR200 Party of Bolivarian Ideology, the predecessor of the present PSUV.
XYZ Province of Latin
307 ENDOFPAGE
Latin is a province of the region of Lazio in Italy.
Its capital is the city of Latin.
It has an area of 2.251 square kilometres, and a population of 491,431 inhabitants (2001).
There are 33 towns in the province.
XYZ Tantalo
Tantalo is a chimic element of Ta symbol and atomic number 73.
Malartuous XYZ Latin
The vulgar Latin (in Latin, servome vulgaris_) is a genean term employed to refer to vulgar dialects of Latin language, based on the western provinces of the Roman Empire.
His existence as a living language was associated with the growing difference of these dialects, which led to the 9th century, the formation of the Romanian languages.
The Vulgate is written in a form of vulgar Latin.[3]
This variant of Latin referred to as the literary language of classical Latin in its pronunciation, vocabulary and grammar.
Some characteristics of the vulgar Latin did not appear until the late epoch of the Roman Empire.
308 ENDOFPAGE
Other characteristics, may include (there is a lot of time before), at least in the form of a creole language.
Most of the definition of vulgar Latin is supposed to be a language spoken more than written, for certain evidence suggests that Latin was dialectal during this period, and why there is no proof that anyone transcribed the way that they spoke daily of their speech.
Whoever studies the vulgar Latin must do it with indirect methods.
XYZ Alfred Levitt
Alfred Levitt (15 August 1894 - 25 May 2000), born Avraham Levitt in Stardodub, Russia, was a painter and an expert in prehistoric art who looked at the U.S. in 1911 and was made a _Chevalier of the Order of Arts and Lettres_ by the government of France for its studies of paleolithic paintings in caves.
One centenarian, he had 105 years at the time of his death.
Levitt was an anarchist whose friends included radical politicians, such as Emma Goldman and Jack London, and artists like Marcel Duchamp.
Twenty of his works are in the collection of the Metropolitan Museum of Art in New York.
He was a fellow of the artistic colonial the Colony of MacDowell in 1956.
His papers are in the Archives of the State Art of the Smithsonian Institution.
309 ENDOFPAGE
XYZ Venetia
Venetia (or Venezia_) is a town in the Veneto region in north-east Italy.
Venetia is the capital of the Italian Veneto region and the Venice province.
It's one of the most popular cities in Veneto.
The city has been a centre of market and finance in the medieval age and one of the wealthiest cities in the middle.
Venetia and its laguna have been declared a UNESCO World Heritage Site in 1987.
Venetia is considered to be one of the most beautiful cities in the world, and her artistic, historical and cultural heritage and her impact on the world remains great until today.
The city has a greater impact on music, architecture, education, cooking, philosophy, science and religion in Europe.
Venetia contains a number of Renascentia palaces, academias, garden, church, monastery, museums, gallery and ateliers.
The city has been appointed, with reference to a study of 2007, as the most desired destination for tourists in the world.
The town has a large range of art collections, especially the Galleria dell'Accadmia and the Ducal Palace (which have 1,358,186 tourists per year).
310 ENDOFPAGE
Venetia is the last preserved city of Renascentia in the world and is considered by many people to be the capital of Italy's art.
XYZ United Nations Security Council
The United Nations Security Council is an organ of the United Nations with its headquarters in the New York City.
It consists of five permanent Member States and ten elected Member States.
XYZ Membros permanent
The five permanent members are also called the strength of old, for they have only the right to set their olds during the adoption of solutions:
China
- Russian Federation
Francia
- United Kingdom
United States of America
XYZ Membros elected
XYZ Period of election
All five States are elected for two years.
311 ENDOFPAGE
XYZ Distribution
Among these ten chairs is traditionally
3 Africa
2 for Asia,
- 2 for America's Latin
2 for Western Europe with Israel and Turkey and Australia and Canada and New Zealand
- 1 for Eastern Europe
XYZ Membros since 2010
2010 - 2011: Gabon, Brazil, Bosnia and Herzegovina, Nigeria, Lebanon
- 2011 - 2012: Germany, Portugal, India, Columbia, South Africa
- 2012 - 2013: Azerbaidzhan, Guatemala, Marocco, Pakistan, Togo
- 2013 - 2014: Argentina, Australia, Luxembourg, Rwanda, South Korea
- 2014 - 2015: Lithuania, Tchad, Chile, Nigeria, Jordan
- 2015 - 2016: Venezuela, New Zealand, Spain, Angola, Malaysia
- 2016 - 2017: Egypt, Senegal, Japan, Uruguay, Ukraine
312 ENDOFPAGE
- 2017 - 2018: Bolivia, Sweden, Ethiopia, Kazakhstan, but Italy for 2017 / Nederland for 2018
- 2018 - 2019: Equatorial Guinea, Coast of Ebore, Kuwait, Peru, Poland
- 2019 - 2020: Belgium, Germany, Dominican Republic, Indonesia, South Africa
XYZ Political divisions of the United States
The political divisions of the United States shall describe the sub-national institutions which together form the SUA.
The state is the primary political subdivision of the United States.
A number of powerful facts confounding on the United States includes:
Four of the states are official commonwealths: Kentucky, Massachusetts, Pennsylvania, and Virginia.
Delaware is the name of a state, a number of contacts in various areas, and a river that flows between Pennsylvania and New Jersey.
(Georgia) is the name of a State of the United States of the Member States of the Member States of the United States.
The name, New York, applies to three different things: a state, a contact, and a city in it.
Washington is a state, a city in the district of Columbia (that is not part of any state), and a number of cities and accounts in various areas.
313 ENDOFPAGE
The Federal and State Governments of the U.S. operate with a parallel system of sovereignty, so that States are not technically established by the United States, but by the United States, together with the Federal and Other Territories of the United States.
States are divided in accounts.
Louisiana uses the term (_parish_) to use the _borough_ term, which is equivalent to the term of contact.
In addition to the States, other divisions include the federal district, the island areas run by the Federal Government and the reservations of American Indians.
The Federal Government also has exclusive jurisdiction on military installations, and American ambassites and consulates placed in other countries.
XYZ Telescope
A telescope is an optical system that allows you to see objects far, widening your angular measure and your apparent luminosity.
The telescopes are probably the most important utensil in astronomy and astrophysicism.
Though with the word of the telescope, it is used to refer to the optical_telescopes, there are telescopes for almost all the frequents of the electromagnetic mirror.
All optical telescope is made up of an objective and an eyepiece.
314 ENDOFPAGE
The objective forms an (usually real) image of the object far on its focal floor; this image is spread by the eyepiece, or well impressed by a photo sheet, or surrounded by a CCD room.
If the object is a lens referred to as a mirrored telescope (refactor), if the object is a concaved mirror is referred to as a reflecting telescope; if you use a combination of lenses and mirrors it is called a catadioptric telescope.
A study by historian Nick Pelling, published by English History Today, asserts that the inventor of the telescope was a lens-maker from Girona named John Roget.
XYZ Death in Venice
Death in Venice is a novel by the European writer Thomas Mann, published in 1912.
Considered to be one of the most significant operas in Mann, it is certainly one of the smallest in the audience, drawing inspiration from the award-winning tuxedo by the director Luhino Visconti in 1971, the melodrama by the composer Benjamin Britten in 1973, and the classic ballet by John Neumeier in 2004.
XYZ Synopse
The book is told by the great author of Gustav von Aschenbach, who, the writer's writer's desk, decides to visit Venetia in a tentative of continuing his life.
315 ENDOFPAGE
In the age of Serenim, the man is finally freed and uplifted, but always more confused and obsessive by the knowledge of a beautiful young man's noisiness.
Also, the beautiful young man is in the holidays on the adriatic shore, and soon turns the author into an intense, platonic love that does not allow him to think about the day.
Tádzio, the teenager in the middle of the strong, emotive waves in the story, is the diminutiveness of the Portuguese man , and his wife is based on a veritable Baron seen by Mann during his visit to Venetia, and his wife, Katia in 1911, Wáadysław Moes, who was beating with her unhappy young belle, pure and etherean.
XYZ Themas
This brief, well-willed, literary work is hard to deal with in the face of the pure and ugly, unexpected courses of life, the summer and summer-long summer, the artistic nature of man, the love of adults and teenagers, the unexpected courses of life, the summer and summer-long summer, and the epidemics of the great cities, pushing the reader into various and incredible thoughts.
XYZ Falsifiability of species evolution theory
Encouragement to Evolution, and to provide the theory of the evolution of species to be shown to be false.
False and important property of scientific theory.
The creationists and recensors of the theory of evolution, for ves, assert that the common evolution and descent cannot be false, and, in consequence, there will be no scientific theories.
316 ENDOFPAGE
In other cases, defensemen of the Intelligent Design insist that there is no way of misrepresenting the evolution because any new obviouss are made of evolution in action, which is why.
Therefore, at the same time, not at the same time, there are all kinds of evidence that we can fake evolution.
The directest to false to the theory of evolution may be the original words of Charles Darwin that place his theory on his own, show me, or mine, for which he could be rejected: If it were possible to prove that any complex organ could be completely destroyed.
Affirmations made by creationists may be subject to evil, understanding what exists between the idea of being counterfeit, and being false.
Miserably, we concentrate on it as new obviouss (like new fossil data), and we always get up to evolution and the opposite, as if they were so different from a developping spice.
Not yet, this and a case of science, which fear nothing like deceit.
XYZ Molluscs
The molluscous (mollusca) is a phylo of animalic kingdom.
317 ENDOFPAGE
The moults are invertebrate animals of blue, naked, or protected by a basin, such as gastropods (such as known as limes), oyster, and squid.
In total it is calculated that there are nearly 100 thousand species of springs.
These are soft-bodied animals, with two unique characteristics in the animal kingdom they were grouped together by:
1
Those who possess a blanket that segregates plates, conchases, or bald spikes.
2
In which the mouth region is provided of a radula (made up of sharp, curving rows of teeth).
The spring is classified into: monoplatophora, caudofoveata, placophora, polyplacophora, scalopoda, cepopoda, bivalvous, gastropos.
How do you grow it? The basic formation of a molluscous consists of a splintered, bi-laterally-symmetric body, oval and made a basin in the form of a Chinese hat.
The concha forms a skincap called the _mant_, which has the power to segregate hotheads.
The most active part in the edge of the blanket, which allows the concha to grow.
318 ENDOFPAGE
Another structure of taxonomic importance is the periostraco_, which consists of a hat of skin covering the basin and which is also segregated by the blanket.
The molluscous, who starts his life in the form of a larva grove, builds around himself in his basin, deposing from the blanket.
Each concha has a different design and the unique pattern from generation to generation.
XYZ Chacos History
The origin of the chacos is one of the most controversial areas in the history of flat games.
Partners associated, at time or time, with the invention of China, India, Egypt, Greece, Assyria, Persia, Arabia, Ireland and Uzbekistan.
Many countries have made up the game of shoes in some incipient way.
The most widely held creed is that the chacoons come from India.
The first mention of the chacos appears in the Indian classic, Mahabharata, written around 2000 B.C., where it was called Chaturanga.
In fact, the words of Arab, Persian, Greek and Spanish for chaps are all derived from the sanctimonials of Chaturanga_.
319 ENDOFPAGE
The version of the chacos played through the world to the present is very much based on a version of the _Chaturanga_ which was played in India around the 6th century.
It is equally believed that the shutters created a more modern version of the game after the Indians.
The most old known pieces of shoes have been found in old-fashioned Persian territories.
An ancient text is referred to as Shah Ardashir, who reigned between 224 and 241 C.E., as a wizard of the game.
Another theory exists that the chaps emerged from the similar game of Chinese shoes, or at least a predecessor of it, which has existed in China since the 1st century.
XYZ Eduardo VI of England
Eduardo VI (in English: Edward VI_, 12 October 1537 - 6 June 1553) was the king of England and Ireland from 1547 to 1553.
He was the third monarch of the Tudor Dynasty.
The son of Henrico VIII and his third wife, Jane Seymour, were nine years old when he became king.
Eduardo would die before he could become an adult.
During his reign, the land was ruled by a councillor.
320 ENDOFPAGE
The chiefs of the council were his uncle Edward Seymour, the 1st Duke of Somerset, (1547 - 1549) and John Dudley, the 1st Count of Warwick (1550 - 1553), who was also Duke of Northumberland after 1551.
In the reign of Eduardo VI there were economic problems, social agitation, overwhelming rebellion and war between England and Scotland.
England was victorious at first, but at last they had to withdraw from Scotland and Boulogne -sur -Mer.
Eduardo was able to influence religious politics.
He was the first English Protestant monarch.
Henrico VIII broke England from the Catholic Church, but kept Catholic traditions.
Eduardo, council and architect Thomas Cranmer introduced Protestant reform to the Church of England, including services in English language and the deletion of clerical celibacy.
Eduardo was succeeded by his half sister Maria I, after the reigning and quarreling of Jane Grey.
Maria and she turned to the religious reform of Eduardo, but she reintegrated them.
XYZ Honesty
Honesty or honesty is a human quality which consists in acting and exercising oneself with coherence and sincerity, and in accordance with the values of truth and justice.
321 ENDOFPAGE
In its most obvious sense, one can understand honesty as the simple respect for truth in relation to the world, the facts and the persons; in other senses, honesty also implies the relationship between subject and other, and the subject.
Since the intent is firmly referred to in justice, it is referred to in terms of dishonestness, and dishonestness, there is a very widespread confusion in respect of the true meaning of the term.
Therefore, sometimes we are unconscious of the degree of honesty or dishonestness of our acts: self-fraud causes us to lose our perspective on the honesty of our own acts, obscuring all the visions that can change our decision.
In the Western philosophy, there was Socrates who devoted greater effort to the analysis of the meaning of honesty.
Later, this conclusion was included in researching general ethic principles that would justify moral behavior, such as Kant's categorical imperative or Jürgen Habermas's consensus theory.
XYZ Honesty according to Confucion
Confucio distinguished different levels of honesty, a fundamental concept in its age:
On its most superficial level, honesty is implicit in its account of the name of the name: all action carried out by a person with the objective of constructing the ideal society, and intended to carry out its desires, whether at the end of the term (bad) or at the end of it (well).
322 ENDOFPAGE
To admit that the immediate gratitude, with all things, may contribute to turning a bad act into a good one, of the same way that keeping the intention to the end can prevent a good deal of action.
The fundamental principle in this theory is that a good person must display his feelings sincerely in his face, so as to facilitate the coordination of all in the pursuit of better interests.
This sincerity, which subsumes the best face expression, helps to achieve honestness with itself, and to make human activities more predictable, friendly and placeable.
In this first version, you can achieve honesty by seeking only your own advantage.
...with a deeper level than the name of the name of the name of the name of the name of the name of the name, or the beauty.
On this level, no longer persecuted, but the moral principle of justice based on reciprocation.
Here is an important matter of the temporary aspect of the action, but in this case as a timepiece.
Thus, for example, in order that kinsmen may spend the first three years of their children's life, only to survive them, the sons shall be able to lose their first three years after the death of their parents.
At this level they are honest in respect of their own obligations and debts, but when no one judges or no one sees themselves immediately.
323 ENDOFPAGE
This part of the moral code is associated with the cult of the ancestors, which Confucio made normative.
The deepest level of honesty is the remnant, from which the _Yi_ and in accordance with the _Li_ arise.
The morals of Confucio are based on the empathies and understanding of the others, which require prior self-consciousness, of which the moral standards are born, more than of a prior ethical code, agreed upon by some divinity.
The Confucian version of the categorical Emperor consisted in treating the lower ones as you would have wanted your superiors to treat you.
Virtue is based on harmony with others, and on accepting that at some point in life we are all at the mercy of other people.
Honesty shall consist of setting in the hypothetic place of the future life, and of the past and coming generations, and electing not to do or say something that can make the family honour or reputation.
Partly because of a thorough understanding of these more honestities in the West, it is common in certain cultures of Asia to call barbarians who do not know them or complete them.
324 ENDOFPAGE
Despite the fact that certain asian cultures occasioned some levels of ambiguity and almost inlerable patience for a Westerner, this results from an attempt to ensure that honesty is over all: from his point of view, giving a positive or negative answer to a question on which he does not have enough information, he would be as ditonous as a sentence.
So to strengthen the interlocutor to commit a reply to which he honestly has doubts is a little polite behaviour in the Asian tradition.
XYZ Vide etimam
Verily,
Sincerity
Coherence
XYZ Diacritic Sign
A diacritic or diacritic sign (from Greek to English) is a sign placed on (overwritten diagnosis), under (subscribed diagnosis), in or at transversal (inscript diagnosis), after (adscribed diagnosis), before (prescribed diagnosis) or all around (circumscript diagnosis) of a graph:
- change the phonetic value of it;
- allow more precious reading (diacritics are not obligatory);
325 ENDOFPAGE
...or avoid an amiguance between people.
There are also diacritic letters, mute and necessary written on the side of the letter it modifies.
Some of the letters could become a diacritic sign (see Umlaut and Corona).
Like ligatures and supplementary letters made after, adding diacritics will extend the number of graphs from a script.
In many cases, the letter with diacritic is not considered to be an independent graph of the same as a_allograph_, this is a different script version of the simple letter.
A letter with a diacritic does not come into the alphabetic class.
XYZ Zen
Zen is a branch of the Mahayāna, which of its part is a branch (a school, a sect or a denomination) of Buddhism.
The word (Zen) (in Japanese) is the translation of the Sanskrite word (Dhyāna), which means reflection - the quietness of all mental restlessness.
The basic sources of Zen are the texts of the Prajjápāramitāsutra, the Avata Swingsakasutra and the La Hemingwaykāvatārasūtra).
Zen school is a Chinese foundation, though it has its roots in India, especially in the teaching of Gunabhadra (4th/5th century) and Bodhidharma (6th century).
326 ENDOFPAGE
They both went to China where they worked the basis of the Meditation School, which in China is called Ch'an or Ch'an -tsung.
XYZ Paises
XYZ China
In China the school blossomed at the age of T'ang (618 -907) and Sung (960 -1279).
In the 8th century the school was divided into two lines: P'ei - tsung and Nan-tsung [chin.
Tsung_schola, denomination, sect.]
From other branches, Lin (chi and Ts'ao) and Ts'ao (tung) were born.
In the course of seculos, the Ch'an doctrine of more and more mingled with the practices of the cult of Amidism (Amitābha) and lost much of its originality.
In China, it has to continue the situation in the 13th century to find its way to Vietnam, Korea and Japan.
Even in Japan, the school prospered, where the religious and cultural forces of the island empire were developed.
XYZ Vietnam
In Vietnam the Ch'an tradition (hence called Thiên) had its beginning already in the third century, is to say about 300 years before its formation in China.
327 ENDOFPAGE
The Chinese schools of Lin-chi and of Ts'ao-Tung have the equivalent of Spanish in the schools of Lám-Té and Táo-dòng which were formed in the 17th century.
A more old school is the Khao -duòng, which came to pass in 1069 of the Chinese tradition of Yün - men.
XYZ Korea
In Korea the Ch'an school shall be called Sŏn, which was the beginning of the year 630.
In the 12th century the master of Chinul united various sects, including the doctrines of the Hua-yen, in a new order, called Chogye which is influential to this day.
A modern variant of the Ch'an (Sŏn) is the Wŏn doctrine, founded in 1924.
XYZ Japan
In Japan the Ch'an or Zen school was born at the age of the Shoguna of Kamakura, in its precise forms of the Lin-chi (jap.
Rinzai) and Ts'ao-tung (jap.
Sōtō, whose parts are harvested in different collateral lines.
In the 17th century, the school was lifted. school, denomination, sect.]
328 ENDOFPAGE
A modern expression of the Japanese is the one (Sanbō Kyōdan which is a Synthese of Rinzai and Sōtō (founded in 1954).
It is common to all the meanings of the Meditation School (Ch'an, Zen, Thiên, Sŏn), the busy meditative concentrate (zazen, chin. tso-ch'an).
In this way, the thought of Zen does not deal with any other Buddhist sects.
However, the practice of Zen neglects certain aspects of methods in its usual way.
Zen meditation does not aspire to an attitude that intends to put things in an accessible way to consciousness.
It's said that it's not set on the usual objects.
It's hard to release the spirit of all thoughts, things and conceptions and to deliver them to the condition of a holiday.
absolute emptiness (skt. śūnyatā).
It is the thought of not thinking, which characterizes the attitude of Zen.
At the same time, the Zen pledges to deliver the meal with everyday work.
329 ENDOFPAGE
Well known is also the sensibility of Zen--Buddhism for nature.
XYZ Scholas
Zen school is divided into two main lines with particular spiritual foundations - i.e.
the practice of the Zazen [in chin: tso -ch'an] and that of the [in chin: kung -an].
XYZ Zazen
(Zazen) is to stay in the doctor's office (to remain silent) in which the meditator puts himself in a state of all reassurance and attention, free of thoughts and without any intention.
It is a practice in which the practiser - by means of an exercise of non-exercising - before the absolute knowledge.
Zazen is the favorite method of Sōtō-shu in which illumination is not a broken event, but a long process of spiritual maturation.
XYZ Koan
The other practice is the one of the __, which consists of a dialogue between master and disciple in the form of a request and a reply.
The contents of a kōan are generally paradoxic, intelligible, absurd, sometimes also banal and not accessible to normal intention.
330 ENDOFPAGE
Kōan appears to be an enigma or apority that cannot be solved by the environment, which is necessary to exceed it.
It's up to a rational solution to it, it's only in the intuitive act, and it's overriding the limit of the intellectual.
With other words, the possibility of overcoming the mind to solve an existing problem.
That's why Rinzai is known as the cracked illumination school.
A well-known man is in whom Master Hakuin Zenji (born 1686 - 1769) beats his hands and says: This is the sound of two hands, but which is the sound of one hand.
Another sentence: a Zen master did his work in the garden of his monastery when a small man asked him: Who is Buddha?
The master replied immediately and without any other reasons: suffocating, angling. I'd like to get a dung - a dicta that expresses that every intellectual person leads to the cow.
The sum of the Zen consists in the sentence: Who understands does not speak, who speak does not understand.
As a result of the work of everyday life in all its aspects are part of spiritual life, the Zen doctrine is opposed to sacred things and objects, to the culture, to holy scriptures and to preconcipitous opinions.
331 ENDOFPAGE
The Zen is restricted to what is essential - here and now.
The Zen has no subterfuge and penetrates the essentials, which contributes to the knowledge (bodi, satori, wu), in all places of life.
The spread of Ch'an or Zen is spread over all over the continent of East Asia (China, Japan, Korea, Vietnam), but there are also many adherents in the western world.
XYZ Ptolemaic Dynasty
The Ptolemaic dynasty was a dynasty of a macedonian origin that prevailed from Egypt between 305 B.C.E. and 30 A.E.
XYZ History
In the year 333 A.E., Alexandro Magne beat Dario III in the battle of Issos; then he conquered Egypt.
There he organized the administration of Egypt and commanded the founding of Alexandria before he went to Asia in 331 B.C. to achieve the rest of the Perse Empire.
When Alexander died in the year 323 B.C.E. Ptolemiah I, one of Alexander's commanders, became a sage (governor) of Egypt.
In the next few years Alexander's empire disappeared in several parts.
The Ptolemies kept their government over Egypt, proclaimed themselves king of Egypt, and thus established its dynasty.
332 ENDOFPAGE
During the following age, the Ptolemaic empire was flourishing and controlling the West Mediterranean.
The Library of Alexandria and the Pharo of Alexandria was built.
During the reign of Ptolemey IV Philopator (221 A.D. - 204 A.E.) the decline of the Ptolemaic empire began.
The attack of Antiocho III was rebuffed in the battle of Paphia.
But for this battle, the Greek and Macedonian soldiers were also Egyptians to be armed, creating the basis for revolts of the Egyptian population against the Ptolemaic dynasty.
After the influence of the Roman Republic, he grew more and more.
The last Ptolemaic Queen, Cleopatra VII, was able to stay alone for the support of Julio Cesare.
After the death of Cesare Cleopatra was allotted with Marco Antonio.
After all, she and Marco Antono were distracted by Octavian in the battle of Actium, Egypt was occupied by the left.
In the 30th year, Egypt became a Roman province.
XYZ Imperialism
333 ENDOFPAGE
Imperialism is an inequal human and territorial relation, which shall consist in the action by the governments to impose their jealousy on other countries to explain them economically, to assume the full monopolistic control of the sources of energy and for the overt export of capital.
The term Imperialism was created in France in the first eighth to define the kingdom established by Napoleon III.
They used it successfully in England, associated with the idea of despotism, to indicate the kingdom of Napoleon III.
In the end, the Imperialism assumed its most knowledgeable signification: the tendency of a nation to impose its economic rule and to influence the internal policies of other countries with the goal of building economic empires.
For the country, one of the main objectives of this system was to get a large amount of money from the occupied land.
The term is sometimes used to describe the policy of a state holding the maintenance of colonies and areas on land, even if the same status is not considered to be an empire.
On the other hand, imperialism may indicate an intellectual position, which would mean the conviction that the conqueror and the maintenance of empires has a positive courage; such a point of view is subjected to the presupposition of a cultural superiority or other type, entering the imperial power.
334 ENDOFPAGE
A scientific definition of imperialism, the unidential one, can be sought in the objective of the case of Lenin to the argument, before all the following things: imperialism is the supreme feat of an advanced capitalism, or entered into its maurine sentence.
XYZ Khag
The Khag, in Hebrew, the transliterated, the plural, Khagim, is some of the three religious feasts of agricultural origin in Jewishism: Passover in the month of Nisan (martio or April); Shavuot (a name which literally means weeks) after Passover, and sukkot or stage in the early Autumn month.
The word is extended to mean the Jewish feasts of chanukah and purem.
The Khagim may also celebrate the events of the escape of the Jews from bondage in Egypt to the freedom of the land of the land: the escapade from Egypt is commemorated by Passover; the reception of the nations is divided by the Mount Sinai by Shavuot; and the 40 years of the wilderness by Sukkot.
The name _khag_ means a pellet,_ and is cognate with the Arabic word
In the (approximate) millennia between the construction of Solomon's temple in Jerusalem and the destruction of his successor, the second temple, in the year 70 C.E., was common for the Jews to go to the temple for every khag.
335 ENDOFPAGE
The khagim is hard for one more day in the day of Israel: Passover and sukkot have seven days for the Jews in Israel, but eight days in the daytime, there is one day in Israel and two days in the day.
That's because of the difficulty in the old times of calculating in advance when the night that the month would appear.
The words of Khag s'meak (as the transliterated shag s'meach, which in Hebrew means m'kóg m'kag méurdóse) are used as a costomary greeting not only during the pastry, shavuot, and sukkot, but also at the feasts of chanukah and purim, nobstant that these are not khagim in the strictest sense.
XYZ Internet Protocol Suite
The Internet protocol suite is the concept model and collection of communication protocols used on the internet and similar computer nets.
It is commonly known as TCP/IP because the original protocols in the suite are the Transmission Control Protocol (TAP) and the Internet Protocol (IP).
It is often known as the Department of Defense (DDD) model, because the development of the retaliatory method was founded by the United States' Defense Departement on the basis of DARPA.
The Internet Protocol Suite provides the communication of specific data such as data should be imposed, addressed, delivered, routed, and received.
336 ENDOFPAGE
These functions are organized in four stages of abstraction, which classifies all protocols attached to the field of retaliation involved.
From the lowermost to the uppermost, the straits are the street of ligamine, the continent of communication with data that is held in a single line of retrenchment (ligamine); the internet, which provides communication between independent retrenchments; the transport route dealing with the hospitable -a-hospite communication; and the journey of application, which is to exchange for data processing -a -a process for application.
Technical standards specifying the Internet protocol suite and many of its constituent protocols are maintained by the Internet Engineering Task Force (IETF).
The Internet protocol suite predates the OSI model, a more comprehensive structure of referrals for general systems of retrenchments.
XYZ Greece
Greece, also Hellade (in Greek: Ελλάδα e Ελλάς ), officially The Republica Hellenic (in greco: Ελληνική Δημοκρατία), es un pais sudoriental del Union Europee.
Its capital and chief city are Athenas.
XYZ History of Greece
The ancient Greece came to Ellyria and Macedonia to the north, to the east of the Aegean Sea, to the west of the Ionean Sea, and to the south of the Mediterranean Sea.
337 ENDOFPAGE
It had an area of 77,000 square kilometres.
His mountains, with the sky almost always blue and his climate, made Greece one of the most beautiful countries in the ancient world.
It was in the country that the first European civilization began over two thousand years ago.
At that time, Greece overran the great areas of the Mediterranean and the Black Sea.
Nowadays, Greece has been able to reduce, one of the least developmental countries of Europe.
The nations are the capital and the greatest city of the land.
In Athenas and other parts of Greece there are splendid ruins that are monuments of the glorious past of the nation.
A thousand years ago, Greeks laid down traditions of justice and individual freedom that are the basis of democracy.
Their art, philosophy and science became fundamental to Western thought and culture.
The Greeks of the Antiquity called themselves as hellenes (whosoever spoke Greek, even if they did not live in Greece), and gave the name of Hamlade to their land.
Those who did not speak Greek were called barbarians.
338 ENDOFPAGE
They never came to the point of forming a national government, but they were joined by the same culture, religion and language.
XYZ International Ranges
- The overall freedom rate of the 19-year-old press of 139 countries
XYZ Sappho
Sappho was a Greek lyric poet, one of the New Lyric Poets.
She was born in the hall of Lesbos.
The majority of his works, which were well known and well loved by all things of old, was lost; however, his reputations and pieces of his works were overwhelmed today.
Unfortunately, the only time source that we had been his own works, and some of them can't be read literally, but only critically.
It is known that his life was an age of political turbulence.
Sapphi's poetry is treated with passion and love - returned and not - to people of both generations.
The word (lesbian_) is derived from the island that Sapho lived in, but also the least known adjective synonym, _sapplicable_.
It is generally believed that his love poems were autobiographical, but as all his life, it is not known as fact.
339 ENDOFPAGE
XYZ Father Pio
Francesco Forgione, born 25 May 1887 in Pietrelcina, Italy, died 23 September 1968), plus known under the name of Padre Pio, Capuchino and Italian priest.
Take the name of Pio when it comes to the order of the younger Capuchin brothers.
He is considered to be holy to Roman Catholic Church.
XYZ Biography
Baptized in the church of St. Anne of Pietrelin, she had a young foot, during which she would have experienced mysterious anxieties.
It was incorporated into the Orden of the Capuchin-minor brothers in 1903.
He went on as a priest at the Cathedral of Benevent in 1910.
The priest of St. Mary degli Angeli (our Lady of the United Nations) of Pietrelcina received the stigmas.
During the World War I, sir in Italian Medical Corps (1917-1918).
In 1940, summing up the plans for a erstwhile offering of Suffereza_domo to remove suffering, in 1940 the hospital opened in San Giovanni Rotondo in 1956.
340 ENDOFPAGE
He had the pigs for several years, with the particularity that his blood had a scent of flowers.
It gained renown as a miracle worker and a clearer.
He'd still have a multilocation subsidy.
The scissors classified Father God as pity, and declared that they were volunteers.
At the same time, Father Pio was the subject of two official investigations conducted from the Vatican authorities.
On June 16, 2002, John Paul II was able to hold Padre Pio under the name of Santtus Pius (Pio Sancte) of Pietrelcina.
XYZ Warning
The adverb is a grammar category that functions as the root of the adverbial synonym.
Its name comes from (ad) (juxta) and (verb) because it generally modifies a verb, even though it may also change adjectives and other adverbs.
To be a modifier, an adverb may exercise the functioning of a circumstantial complement.
Adverbial locutions are groups of words that fulfill adverb functions.
Some adverbs can change the whole sentence, as if unfortunately it couldn't come.
341 ENDOFPAGE
In interlingua, like a man in Catalan, the majority of adverbs come from prepositions or the sum of an adjective plus particulates.
These are invariable categories: in other words, they don't agree in either gender or number.
XYZ Typs of adverbs
In accordance with their meaning, they classify adverbs in:
- from time to time (now, now, then, then, in delay);
- either way (well, calmly);
- on the spot (that, where);
- on negation (not, nothing)
- of affirmation (etam);
- of doubt (forcible, presumably);
- of amount (lower, little, less).
XYZ Formation of adverbs
Though they may be independent (i.e., already), numerous adverbs are derived from other words, particularly adjectives, with a specific maple.
In the Romanian and Interlingua languages, sub-groups of -mention/ -minds of the adjective.
342 ENDOFPAGE
In English, it will subside to the adjective.
In Esperanto and ini, use the sufixe_e_.
In the open, under the sub-diving of -an_.
In the Austronesian languages, doubling the lexem in the form of sub-communing no novel.
In Irish, sub-junge-go-a-prefix.
In Lithuanian it attacks the ending of the _i_.
In Turkish, German and Dutch the majority of adjectives may be used as unmodified adverbs.
Mineral XYZ
Naturally, a mineral is a natural substantiation that is solid and inorganic, represented by a chimic form, usually abiogenic, and has an atomic structure.
It is different from a stone, which can be an aggregation of minerals or non-minerals and has no specific chimic composition.
The exact definition of a mineral is debated, especially with respect to the requirence that a species is worth abiogenic, and at a very long time it would have had an ordinary atomic structure.
The study of minerals is called minerals.
343 ENDOFPAGE
There are 4,900 of mineral species; over 4,660 of it has been approved by the International Mineral Association.
Silicate minerals make up over 90 percent of the Earth's crust.
The diversity and abundance of species of ores are controlled by the chima of the Earth.
Silicium and oxygenum make up nearly 75% of the Earth's crust, which translates directly to the predominance of silicate ores.
Minerals are distinguished by various chimic and physic properties.
Differences in chimic composition and crystalline structure distinguishes different species, and these properties in turn are influential by the geologic environment of ore formation.
Rooms in the temperature, pressure, and total composition of a small mass cause changes in its minerals; also, a stone can maintain its total composition, but during the temperature and pressure it changes, its minerals can change.
Minerals may be described by various physical properties connexed to their chimic structure and composition.
Common characteristics include structural structure and chrystallin habit, duress, lustress, diaphaneity, color, stain, tenacity, finding, fracture, separation, and special gravity.
More specific tests for minerals include reaction to acid, magnetism, knowledge or odour, and radioactivity.
344 ENDOFPAGE
Minerals are classified by chimic constituents; the hard dominant systems are the classification of Dana and the classification of Strunz.
The silicate tailplate of ores is divided to six underclasses by the degree of pollution in the chimic structure.
All the silicate minerals have a basic unit of one [SiO4]4 - tetrahedron silicilic - which is, a location of silicon coordinated by four oxygen anies, which yields the shape of a tetrahedron.
These tetrahedrons can be pollicited to give the subclasses, orthosilicates (non-polymerisation, ergo singula tetrahedrons), disilicates (two glutinated tetrahedrons), cyclosilicates (tretrahedron circles), inosilicates (tetrahedrons), phyllosilicatesites (tedrahedron lamins), and tectosilicatesites (two-dimensional tetrahedron nets).
Other important groups of minerals include the native elements, sulphides, oxydos, halogenides, carbonates, sulfates, and phosphates.
XYZ Definition
XYZ Basic definition
The general definition of a mineral encompasses the following criteria
1.: Naturally occurring .
2.Stabile at everyday temperature
3 Represented by a chimic formula
4. Usually abiogenic (not to turn out from the activities of living organizations)
5. Ordered atomic arrangement
345 ENDOFPAGE
XYZ Petras, metal ores, and gems
Minerals are not equivalent to stones.
Though a mineral is naturally natural, usually solid, set a temperature of about 20-grades C, represented by an ordinary chimic, usually abiogenic, and has an ordinary atomic structure, a stone is either an aggregation of one or more minerals, or not composed of minerals.
Stones like lime or quartz are first composed of a mineral, or in the case of a lime stone, and a quartz in the second case.
Other stones can be defined by a lot of mineral essentials; a granite is defined by quarz, feldspato alkalin, and feldspato plagiocláse.
The other minerals in the stone are to terminate accessory, and do not greatly affect the total composition of the stone.
Also it can also be composed of non-mineral materials; carbon is a sedimentary stone that is first composed of organically-derived matter.
In stones, a few species of ore and groups are much more abundant than others; these are called the stone - forming ores.
The greatest exemplos of them are quarz, the feldspatos, the mites, the amphibols, the pyrhoxes, the olives, and the hot, except for the last, all the minerals are silicated.
346 ENDOFPAGE
Generally, about 150 minerals are considered to be particularly important, whether in terms of their abundance of value for collectors.
Minerals and valuables are called raw minerals.
For example, musk, a little white, can be used for windows, such as a full one, or like an insulator.
Mineral metal has a high concentrate of a few elements, typing a metal.
All kinds are cinnabro (HgS), a mercury ore, sphalerized (ZnS), a zinc ore, pechblende (UO2), a mineral of uranium, or cassiterite (SnO2), a stanno ore.
Gems are mineral with ornamental value and are distinguished from non-gems by their beauty, durability, and often rareness.
There are about 20 kinds of minerals that qualify as gem minerals, which make up about 35 of the most common gems.
Gemmic minerals are often present in many different kinds, and so a mineral can give the count of different gems.
For example, red and sapphire are with horn, Al2O3.
XYZ Nomenclature and classification
Generally, a mineral is defined as a naturally-occurent solid, which is set to everyday temperature, represented by a chimic, usually abiogenic form, and has an ordinary atomic structure.
347 ENDOFPAGE
However, a mineral may also be narrowed to the end of a mineral group, series, species, or variety, in order from the leftmost to the leftmost least.
The basic level of definition is that of the mineral form, which is distinguished from other species by property, chimic and physical, specific and unique.
For example, quarz is defined by its formula, SiO2, and a specific crystalline structure that distinguishes other minerals with the same chimic form (terminated polymorphs).
When there is a range of composition between two species of ores, a mineral series is defined.
For example, the biotite series is represented by various aspects of the members: phlogoped, siderophyllized, anted, and stung.
By contrast, a mineral group is a collection of species of ores with common chimic properties that have the same crystalline structure.
The pyrhoxene group has a common form of XY (Yes, Al) 2O6, where X and Y are with coats, with X typing greater than Y; pyroxenes are single - sixteen silicates that smile in either orthorhombic or monoclinical crystal systems.
Finally, a variety of minerals is a specific type of ore that is provided by a few physical characteristics, such as color or chrystallin habit.
An example is amethyst, which is a purplish variety of quarries.
There are more than 4,660 of the mineral species.
348 ENDOFPAGE
They are more commonly named for a person (45%), according to the location of discovery (23%); names based on chimic composition (1)% and physical properties (8%) are the two other major groups of mineral names.
XYZ Chimia de ores
The abundance and diversity of minerals are governed directly by their chema, which are dependent on an elemental abundance on Earth.
The majority of observed minerals are derived from the Earth's crust.
These elements tell of the majority of minerals, because of their abundance in the crossroads.
These eight elements, on top of 98% of the cross by weight, are, in order to spread abundance: oxygenum, silicon, aluminum, iron, magnesium, calcium, sodium, and potassium.
Oxygen and siliquium are the two most important - oxygene make up 46 percent of the crust by weight, and silicium contains 27.7%.
XYZ Physical properties of minerals
Classification of minerals ranges from sufficient to difficult.
A mineral may be identified by different physical properties, some of which may be sufficient to provide the wrong identification.
349 ENDOFPAGE
In other cases, minerals can only be classified by more complex optical analysis, chimic or radio-X-difference; these methods can be expensive and time-using.
Physical properties applied for classification include structural structure and chrystallin habit, hardness, glossiness, diaphaneity, color, stain, finding and fracture, and specific gravity.
Other and less general tests include fluorescentity, phosphorescentity, magnetism, radioactivity, tenacity (response to mechanically - induced form changes), piety, and reactivity to dilute acids.
XYZ Structura e habito crystallin
Structuring crystallin is caused by the ordering geographical arrangement of atoms in the internal structure of a mineral.
This crystalline structure is based on regular atomic or ironic arrangement that is often expressed in the geometric form that the crystal amounts to.
When the mineral grains are too small to see or are irregularly made up, the fundamental crystalline structure is always periodic and can be determined by radio -X-difference.
Minerals are typically described by their symmetry.
Crystallos is restricted to 32 punctual groups, which are defiled by their symmetry.
These groups are now classified to the highest categories, the most inclusive of them being the sixth crystal family.
350 ENDOFPAGE
These families may be described by the relative lengths of the three crystalgraphic axes, and the corners among them; these relating to the sympathetic operations defining the narrowest group.
These are summed up below, a, b, and c represent the axes, and α, β, and the opposite angle represent the appropriate crystalgraphic axe (e.g.
one is the corner opposite the α-axe; which is, the angle between the b and c axes):
The hexagonal chrystallin family is divided into two-systems--the trigonal, which has a threefold axe of symmetry, and the hexagonal, which has a sixfold axe of symmetry.
Chimia e structura crystallin together defines a mineral.
With a restrictions on 32 punctual groups, different chima ores can have identical crystalline structure.
Gemination is the interbreeding of two or more crystals of a single species of ore.
The geometry of twinning is governed by the ore symmetry.
XYZ North Macedonia
North Macedonia, the official Republic of North Macedonia, is a country of the Balkan Peninsula in South-East Europe.
Its population consists of two large ethnic groups, the Slavs and the Albanians.
351 ENDOFPAGE
This republic, which was once part of Yugoslavia, covers a part of the traditional region of Macedonia, of which most of it is today in the Hellenic Republic (the other part is in Bulgaria).
The capital city of the republic is Skopje.
Limitrophe countries are Greece, Albania, Kosovo, Serbia and Bulgaria.
The land is mountain and has no access to the sea.
XYZ Nomine
Thanks to Grecia's opinion, which perceives how culturally appropriate the use of symbols and helenical names for this Slavic republic, the North Macedonia has been officially recognized under the proviso's name of Republic of Macedonia, by most international organizations (U.N., NATO, etc.) since the Fall of Yugoslavia.
After many negotiations, a referendum and discussion in the Macedonian parliament, the country has changed its name to the Republic of North Macedonia in 2019.
The parliament was released on 11 January 2019 with 81 of the 120 votes for this change.
XYZ Socialism
Socialism is a political movement of left over the modern development of the French Revolution.
352 ENDOFPAGE
In general, socialists favour the instrumentalisation of the state to advance the interests of junior social classes.
It has classically proposed the reimbursement of capital by a new economic system in which the audience would direct the economic forces in the common and equal way.
Therefore, a simplistic centrality to the nationalisation of factories; however, nationalisation is only a form of co-operatives to the public control of the economy - socialists to promote formalisation and action, the training of co-operatives, participation to operate in enterprises, progressive taxation, minimum pay etc.
In the past, the creation of enterprises or colonies, various monetary system manipulations, the immoposition of maximum prices, and other measures today that may be promulgated.
Socialists extend their definition of the interests of the non-hegemonic classes to the economic sphere: the purpose of public services (education, health, public transport, social security; promotion of international peace and unity; womanism; opposition to feudalism, rhecism, colonialism and apartheid; secularism; and economicism; are all often associated with socialism.
Naturally, these positions are not universal to the presence of socialists.
Socialist doctrines have been mixed in practice by democratic and dictatorial governments, and more or less accursed way.
353 ENDOFPAGE
Two variations of socialism have become important in the 20th century, to know the community and the social - democracy, are notable for their divergentities of achievement and ideology.
There can be a large way to characterize community as a revolutionary socialism implemented by a state of one party (within totalitarians), and socialism - democracy as a reformist socialism gradually implemented by a pluralistic and democratic state.
There are several democratic revolutionary movements (such as the _Total Revolution_ of J. P. Narayan in India) or authoritative reformist (like the Napoleonic Ideas) of Napoléon III, who was considered to be a socialist.)
Socialist parties, or socialist traditions, are well-anchored in most multi-partition systems of the world (with some important exceptions such as this from the United States).
More than a hundred Socialist or Social Guidance Parties - demonstrated in the Socialist International; other, less large internationals exist.
Assisting radical programmes, characterized as a socialist by their proposers, have been implemented by Russian revolutions (1917, by Lenin with the collaboration of Trotsky, Stalin, Bukharin), Chinese (1949, by Mao Zedong), Cuban (1959, by Fidel Castro and Ché Guevara) and Bolivarian (Venezuelan, 1999, by Hugo Chávez), among others.
354 ENDOFPAGE
Socialist intellectuals include Robert Owen, Henri de Saint - Simon, Karl Marx and Friedrich Engels, Georgi Plehanov, Eduard Bernstein, Antonio Gramsci, Rosa Luxemburg, Sidney and Beatrice Webb, Bertrand Russell, W. E. B.
Du Bois, Albert Einstein, George Orwell, Jean-Paul Sartre and others.
Socialism is made up of red color: red flag, red rose, and red co-chairs are familiar socialist emblems.
Encouragements such as the _Bander_ of the Internationale_, _Beautiful Cio_, _Solidarity Forever_, _The United People shall ever be defeated, _The Red Flag_ and _La Marseillaise_ shall be part of the socialist tradition.
XYZ History of Interlingua
The history of interlingua understands the formation of the language and also its community of speakers.
The first credit for interlingua shall be given to the American herede Alice Vanderbilt Morris (1874 - 1950), who was interested in linguistics and the international auxiliary language movement at the beginning of the 1920s.
In 1924, Morris and his husband, Dave Hennen Morris, established the International Auxiliary Language Association (IALA) (_Association de Linguas Auxiliar International_), a association without a proposal for a luxuriation in New York.
Their objective was to place the study of auxiliary languages on a scientific basis.
355 ENDOFPAGE
The investigation of the problem of the auxiliary language was in progress to the International Research Council (_International Research Council), the American Council of Education Council (_American Council on Education), the American Council of Docted Societies (_American Council of Learned Societies), the British, French, Italian and American Associations for the Advantage of Science, and other groups of specialists.
Morris created IALA as a continuation of his work.
She distinguished the research programme in consultation with Edward Sapir, William Edward Collinson, and Otto Jespersen.
XYZ International Auxiliary Language Association
The IALA became a major adherent of the Conventional American linguist, and founded, by example, the Semantic Scholars between - linguistic of all Sapir (1930) and the Phenomeans of Grading (1944).
Morris himself published the study between the linguistics of the final point of Sapir and Morris Swadesh, and the study of the indication of Collinson (1937).
Though the Morris to their family provided the majority of the IALA funds, it also received support from prestigious groups such as the Carnegie Corporation, the Ford Foundation and the Rockefeller Foundation.
356 ENDOFPAGE
In his first years, IALA was concerned with three workings: to find other organizations in all the world with similar objectives; to build a library of language books and linguistics; and to compare existing international languages, such as waiting, waiting, Ido, Latin without bending, noval and western.
In the pursuit of his last objective, he conducted parallel studies of the languages, with national studies, under the direction of American and European university schools.
It also arranged conferences with owners of international assistant languages, and debated the treatments and objectives of their representative languages.
With a regulation of agreements, which required participants to make a certain number of concessions, the first debates in IALA sometimes grew from fervent to explosive.
At the International Inter-lingua Congress (_Second International Inter-language Congress_), made in Geneva in 1931, IALA began to open new land.
His conference was assisted by recognized linguists, 27 of whom signed a testimony of support for the research programme of IALA.
Another eight added their signatures to the third congress, made in Rome in 1933.
In 1933, Professor Herbert N.
357 ENDOFPAGE
Shenton from Syracuse University organized an intensive study of the problems found with inter-linguas when they are used in international conferences.
Later in the same year, Dr. Edward L. Thorndike published a scientific article of the relative speeds of learning languages that are natural and simple.
With Shenton and Thorndike, there were significant influence on the work of IALA at the moment.
In 1937, the first step towards the interlingua conclusion was made when a committee of 24 eminent linguists from 19 universities published _Some Criteria for International Language and Commentary_ (A few criteria for interlingua and commentary language).
However, the beginning of World War II in 1939 interrupted the biannual knowledge of the committee.
XYZ Disvelopment of a New Language
On the other hand, the association did not intend to create its own language.
Its objective was to identify which language was already in existence that the most is involved in international communication and how to promote the most effective.
Though, after ten years of recurrence, more and more members of the IALA concluded that nothing of the interlinguas was already good for work.
358 ENDOFPAGE
In 1937 the members had decided to create a new language for the surprise of the world's interlinguistic community.
Until that point, much of the debate had been made possible by the decision of using naturalistic (e.g., Novial and Occidental) or systematic (e.g., Esperanto and Ido.
During the years of war, lawyers for a naturalistic interlingua won.
The first app was the article of Dr.
Thorndike; the second was a grant by lawyer of the systematic languages which thousands of words were already present in many, or in a majority, of European languages.
Their argument was that the systematic derivation of words was a bed of Procruste, forcing the beginning to forget and learn again a new scheme of derivation when a useful vocabulary was already available.
This was finally convinced by lawyers of systematic languages, and the IALA of the point assumed the position that a naturalistic language would be possible.
At the eruption of the Second World War, the research activities of the IALA were moving from Liverpool to New York, where E.
Clark Stillman established a new research staff.
Stillman, with Dr.
359 ENDOFPAGE
Alexander Gode, unveloped a Technician _prototypic_ - an objective methodology for selecting and normalizing vocabulary based on a comparison of control_linguas.
In 1943 Stillman left to help with the war and Gode became the Interime Director of Research.
In 1945, the IALA published a General _Report - great work of Morris - which presented three models for the language of the IALA:
The P-model was a naturalistic model that didn't make an attempt to normalize the prototypic vocabulary.
A model, and it was quite easing in a resilient way in the West.
The K-model was moderately schematic in a way that was resimulating to me (i.e., something less than Esperanto).
From 1946 to 1948 the renowned leading linguist André Martinet was Director of Research.
During this period the IALA continued to develop modelling and conduct voting to determine the right form of the final language.
Initial examination acted against the three models of 1945.
In 1946 the IALA sent an extensive examination of more than 3000 languages and professional training on three continents.
360 ENDOFPAGE
XYZ The Four Models
Four models came together: Models P and K, plus two new models that resimilated Modello E of 1945.
The P model was not altered from 1945; the M model was relatively modern in comparison with more classical P.
K-model was readily modified in the direction of Ido.
The result of the exam was astonishing.
The two schematic models, C and K, rejected themselves - K convincingly.
Of the two naturalistic models, M attracted even more support than P.
Dante of national prejudice (for example, the fresh one who was disproportionately preferred to model M), the IALA chose a compromise between M and P models, with a few elements of C.
XYZ Finalisation
When Martinet took a position at the University of Columbia in 1948, Gode took charge of the last of the development of interlingua.
His burden was to combine the elements of the Modello M and the model P, to avoid the defects seen in the midst of the inquired community, and to repair them with the elements of the modello C as necessary, and to develop a vocabulary.
361 ENDOFPAGE
Verbal vocabulary and conjugations of interlingua were presented in the first place in 1951, when the IALA published the completed _Grammatical Interlingua and the _Interlingua -English Dictionary'_ (IED) of 27,000 words.
In 1954 the IALA published an introductory handbook entitled Interlingua a Prime Vista.
XYZ Success, decline and resurgence,
A first practical application of interlingua was the scientific journal Molecular Spectroscoping, published from 1952 to 1980.
In 1954 interlingua was used at the Second World Cardiological Congress in Washington, D.C., for written summary and oral interpretation.
In a few years, it met a user similar to nine (9) additional medical conventions.
Between the middle of the 1950s and the end of 1970, some thirty scientific and special medical newspapers provided summary of items in interlingua.
The editor of _Science Newsletter_ in this age published a monthly chronic in the interlingua of the early 1950s until the death of Gode in 1970.
In 1967 the powerful International Normalisation Organization, which normalised terminology, voted almost unanimous to adopt interlingua as the basis of its dictionaries.
The IALA closed its doors in 1953 but did not dissolve until 1956 or later.
362 ENDOFPAGE
His role in promoting interlingua was greatly taken over by Science Service, which took Gode as the head of its newly formed Interlingua Division.
Huge E. Blair, a caring friend and a colleague of Gode's, became his assistant.
A surplus organisation, the Interlingua Institute, was founded in 1970 to promote interlingua in SU and Canada.
The new institute supported the work of other linguistic organizations, made detailed scholastic contributions, and produced summary for scholastic and medical publications.
One of its greatest accomplishments was two large volumes of phytopathology produced by the American Phytopathological Society in 1976 and 1977.
The Interlingua Institute was up for a while after the death of Blair in 1967 and Gode in 1970.
According to Estherhill, however, the publication was slowing down briefly in the end of the year of 1960 and retrieving later, in search of the time of the second edition of 1971 of the IED.
A florescent interest in Europe might have been countered by the struggles in America.
Interlingua had attracted many previous adherents of other international language projects, notably Western and Ido.
363 ENDOFPAGE
Ex-Westernist Ric Berger founded the World Interlingua Union (UMI) in 1955, and played the end of 1950; interesses in Interlingua in Europe had already begun to pass that of North America.
Covering the medium of the Epoch, for example, was apparently the heaviest in North and East Europe.
Europe's frequent covering has continued until the present, joined by the attention of the media in South America in the early 1990's year.
Starting in the 1980s, UMI has held international conferences for every two years (typical attendance for the previous arrivals was 50 to 100 persons) and launched a publication programme that eventually produced over 100 volumes.
Other works in Interlingua were published by university press in Sweden and Italy, and in the 1990s, Brazil and Switzerland.
Several Scandinavian schools covered projects that used interlingua as a means of teaching the international scientific and intellectual vocabulary.
In 2000, the Interlingua Institute was dissolved in the midst of funds disputes with the UMI.
The American Interlingua Society, established the next year, succeeded the institute and answered new emerging interest in Mexico.
XYZ Post the Iron Curtain
364 ENDOFPAGE
Interlingua was spoken of and promoted in the Soviet empire, in contempt of persecution and efforts to provide information of the language.
In East Germany, government officials confiscated the letters and magazines that the UMI sent to Walter Raedler, who represented Interlingua on the spot.
In Checoslovachia, Július Tomin received threats after the publication of his first interlingua article.
As a result of continuing persecution, he was able to become the representative Interlingua Chief, teach interlingua in the system of writing, and write a long series of published articles and books.
XYZ Interlingua to the present
Today, inter-lingua has expanded from scientific community to general audience.
Individuals, government and private companies use Interlingua to learn and build, travel, publishing, and publishing through language barriers.
Interlingua is internationally promoted by the World Interlingua Union.
Periodics and books are produced by many national organizations, as well as the American Society for Interlingua, the Svenska Sällskapet för Interlingua, and the Brazilian Union for Interlingua.
365 ENDOFPAGE
Currently, Panorama in Interlingua is the most prominent of many interlingua newspapers.
It is a magazine of 28 pages published by a bi-monthly covering news, science, publishing, and interlingua.
Thank you to the internet, interlingua has seen a resurrection in the past tenth, with the number of speakers that were multiplied by ten seconds.
XYZ Anello Unic
The One Ring is the most powerful ring in the fantastic trilogy of the Lord of the Ring by J.R.R. Tolkien.
The magic object of great power was made by Sauron, the Lord of the Shadows, in order to win over the other ten, and the new great magic ducks were made by the master to make Celembrimbor elfic.
The famous poem of the Annellos describes his role in the dark scribes of Sauron.
Leteral version:_ Three Annes to the Elfic Rules under the heavens, Seven to the Nanic Princes in their stone halls, Nine to the Deadly Men, to mark, One to the Lord, to the dark in his black throne, in the land of Mordor, where Shadows are spread.
One of them, one of them, one of them, one of them, one of the ducks, one of the ducks, and all in the darkness to tie them up.
366 ENDOFPAGE
In the land of Mordor, where Umbras is spread.
The poetic version of the machine: the three rings to the king, to the glitter, to the lords of the dwarf, to the wild, to the dead, to the dead, to the wicked, to the dead, to the wicked, to the dark.
On the land of Mordor where darkness descends.
One Ring to tame them all, one Ring to find them, One Ring to add them all, and in the Shadow to cast them in.
On the land of Mordor, where darkness spreads.
XYZ Jalne
Jalne is the color between orange and green in the sight of light.
It is evoked at about 570 - 590 nm in length.
In translational color theory, yellow is used in paintings and is used in print as a primary color.
In the RGB model, jalle is used to create colors in television and computer monitors, jalne is the secondary color made to combine red and green with equal intensity.
XYZ Comet
367 ENDOFPAGE
Comets, together with planets and moons, are part of our solar system.
On the different side of the planets, the comets become very small and with very long orbits, which make us see them for a little while, and only when they are near to the sun.
XYZ Etymologia
The word comet, come from the Greek and mean of long hair.
XYZ History
It was depoised by the invention of the telescope that the astronomers began to study the comets with more detali, advirting thin than the majority of them make periodic apparitions.
Edmund Halley was the first person to notice this and predicted the appearance of Halley's comet in 1758, which was calculated to have a period of 76 years.
Unfortunately, he died before he came to his prediction.
XYZ Description
XYZ Origin
The astronomers have found that the comets are mainly from two locations; Kuiper's cintures, located beyond the orbit of the planet Pluto and the cloud of Oort, lying further, in the middle of the distance between us and Alpha Centauri (the star nearest to our sun).
368 ENDOFPAGE
As a comet approaches the sun, we begin to develop what we know as a comet's tail.
These are solid bodies composed of water, coal bioxite (syx), ammonia, methane (natural gas), iron, magnesium and silicates.
From the low temperature of the location where they are, there are substantiations that contain a comet that are frozen, which is why they are known in common that they are composed of unclean age.
These are diameters of several kilometer dozens - the highest mountain on Earth, Mount Everest, has approached nine kilometers of height.
The heat that produces the sun makes the substances that make the comet warmer, going directly from ice to gas.
The sun, in addition to being the source of light and heat (which makes the cometary gas shine), produces a wind set of particulates that are scattered in all directions, which are common as a solar wind.
This wind betrays the cometary gauze by producing the tail of the comet, which always affects the opposite direction to the sun.
The tails of the comets become considered sizes.
In the case of Halley's comet in his 1910 apparition, his caud came to meet about 30 thousand thousand miles of kilometers - the Earth has a diameter of approximately 12 thousand kilometers.
369 ENDOFPAGE
Every time a comet passes around the sun, it turns out a little bit, it's up to it that the material that's going to get lost is never replenished.
In the average, a comet spends nearly two thousand times in the sun before it evaporates.
During the length of a comet's journey, this one will leave a great many pieces of material.
When the Earth runs through the orbit of a comet, these pieces fall to the atmosphere in the form of fleeting stars, or also called the stars rain.
In May and October one can observe the stars' rains produced by the fragment that left Halley's comet.
XYZ Trivia
Many myths and superstitions arise when a comet is observed in plain sight.
Some people think they're a messenger of prosperity or disaster.
However, these fantastic stories are false.
There's nothing to be afraid of these miracle objects if we don't, on the contrary, try to appreciate them in all its splendour.
XYZ History of Western Civilization
Western civilization draws its roots back to Europe and the Mediterranean.
370 ENDOFPAGE
It is linked to Greece, the Roman Empire and to the medieval Western Christianity, which emerged from the Middle to experience such transformive episodes as Renascentia, the Reformation, Illuminism, the Industrial Revolution, scientific revolution, and the development of liberal democracy.
The civilisations of Greek Classic and Rome Old were considered to be seminal periods in Western history; some cultural contributions also arose from the peoples of pre-Christian Europe, such as the Celts and the Germans, such as some other religious contributions derived from Jewishism and Hellenistic Jewishism from Judea and Galilee during the Second Temple; and some other influence from the Middle East.
The Western Christianity had a prominent role in the formation of the Western civilization, which has been synonymous with Christian culture.
Western civilization extended to produce the dominant cultures in America and Oceania, and has had a very important global influence on recent centuries.
After the fall of Rome in the 5th century, Western Europe entered the Mediterranean, a period in which the Roman Empire of the East (or the Byzantine Empire) was able to stand in the West by the fall of the Roman Empire of the West, while the Roman Empire of the East (or the Byzantine Empire) was over the seventh century, with a hellenic contrast on the west side.
371 ENDOFPAGE
For the 12th century, Western Europe was to experience a lot of art and knowledge, which was built by the construction of cathedrals, the establishment of the medieval universities, and a major account of the medieval Islamic world from Al-Andalus and Sicily, from the various Arab texts to science and philosophy was translated to Latin.
The Christian unit was finished by the 16th century of meeting.
An m class
XYZ Singapore
Singura (in a malady: Singapura, in the presence of the lions), Chinese: Sixa (X) is an island and city, which is situated in South Malaya, 137km (85m) to the north of the equator, to the south of the Johor State of Malaysia, and to the north of the Riau Insulas of Indonesia.
With an area of 710 square kilometres, Singapore is a microstat and the smallest in South-East Asia, but more noticeably greater than the Monaco and the Vatican city, the only other city-sovereign states to exist.
Before the European colonisation, the island of Singapore was the seat of a sickly village of fishermen in the mouth of the river of Singapore.
Some hundred of Orang Laut also lived along the coasts, rivers, and small islands.
In 1819, the British Company of East India, led by Stamford Raffles, established a trading post on the island, which was used as a gate in the way of the species.
372 ENDOFPAGE
Thanks to this trade, Singapore became one of the most important commercial and military centers of the British Empire and South-East Asia.
During the World War II, the British colony was taken over by Japan after the Singapore Battalion, which Winston Churchill called the greatest disaster in Britannia.
Eight years later, in 1963, the city, after winning independence from Britannia, was involved with the Federation of Malaya, Sabah, and Sarawak to form Malaysia.
However, the union had no success, and less than two years later, the Singapore was leaving the union to become an independent republic in the Commonwealth of Nations on August 9, 1965.
Singapore was admitted to the United Nations on September 21 of the same year.
After independence, the standard of life in Singapore arose dramatically.
Foreign investment, and industrialisation led by the state based on plans written by the Dutch economist Albert Winsemius created a modern economy that focused on urban education, industry and planning.
Today, Singapore is the fifth wealthiest in the end of the GG per-capita term.
In 2009, the city was the top ten cities in the world in which to live - the third in Asia, after Tokyo and Osaka.
373 ENDOFPAGE
The population of Singapore, including non-residents, is around 4.86 million.
Singapore is very cosmopolitan and different, with the Chinese people forming a great majority and population of Malay, Indian, and other people.
English, Chinese, malay and tame are the official languages.
Singapore is a parliamentary republic, and the Constitution of Singapore shall establish the democratic democracy as well as its political system.
XYZ History
The island of Temasek was called to Singapore in the 14th century.
One reading says that a foreign prince, when he came to Temasek, saw a lion; he interpreted the lion as a beneficent wish, and then founded the city of the city of Singapore, the city of the lions. One port was created, and the Singapore prospered until the destruction of the port by Portuguese pirates in 1613.
In 1819 the port was rebuilt by Englishman Thomas Stamford Raffles (the father of Singapore),
Situated between China, India, and Malaya, the port prospered again.
During the Second World War, the Japanese Empire took into Germany in 1942 and took care of it until 1945.
374 ENDOFPAGE
At the end of the war, Singura saved and formed part of the British colony, with more autonomy than before.
Singapore joined the Federation of Malaya, which formed Malaysia in 1963.
Differentiations between Singapore and the rest of Malaya were insurmountable, and 9 August 1965, Singapore became an independent republic.
A modernisation programme, based on the creation of manufacturing, and became pregnant with public education, was introduced by Singapore.
The investments have paid, and in the years of 1990, Singapore became one of the most dangerous countries in the world.
XYZ Demographia
According to the state published by the government of Singapore, the population of Singapore in 2008 was 4.84 million, of whom 3.64 million were Singaporean citizens and permanent residents (called by Singaporean residents)
Several Chinese groups formed 75,2 per cent of the residents of Singapore; sick, 13.6 per cent; Indians, 8.8%; and Eurasians, Arabs, and other groups made up two per cent of the population.
Singapore is a land of many religion.
According to Singapore_Statistics, c.
51% of Singaporean residents (excluding visitors and migrant workmen) are practicing Buddhism and taoism.
375 ENDOFPAGE
Look for 15 per cent, predominately Chinese, Eurasian, and Indian, practice Christianity, a lengthy classification including Catholicism, Protestantism, and other confessions.
It's about 14 per cent, though the majority is sick, but with a substantive number of Indians and Chinese.
Other minority practices Sikhism, hinduism, and other religion.
The official languages of Singapore are English, malay, mandarin and tame.
The national language of Singapore is the disease for historical reasons, and is used in the national anthem, Majulah Singapura.
English is the main language of Singapore and has been promoted so after independence.
English is based mainly on British English, with some American English influence.
The second most common language is Mandarin, known by more than 70 percent of the population as a second language.
XYZ Economy
Singapore has a very developing economy-based market, which was historicly based on trade trade in any other countries - it's called a very large economy based on the export of goods from other countries.
With Hong Kong, South Korea and Taiwan, Singapore is one of the Four Asiatic Tigers.
376 ENDOFPAGE
Today, the economy depends on exports and the rooting of important goods, especially manufacturing; there is one of the most busy harbors in the world, and it is the fourth largest foreign exchange (after London, New York and Tokio).
Manufacture had 26 per cent of the GDP in Singapore in 2005.
Manufacturer industry is very diverse with important sectors in electronics, oil, chimia, mechanic engineering and biomedic sciences.
In 2006, Singapore created about 10 percent of the world's stock of wafers.
The economy of Singapore is conducted by the Economic Development Board.
The EDB is a Statutory Office of the Government of Singapore, under the creation of plans and enforcement of strategy to support the nation as a central principle for trade and investment.
The number of Singapore is the Singaporean Dollar (S$ or SGD).
The office laid down by the issue of number in Singapore is the Monetary Authority of Singapore (the Monetary Authority of Singapore_).
The Singaporean dollar is intercambiable with brown dolling.
XYZ Government
377 ENDOFPAGE
Singapore is a constitutional democracy, whose unicameral parliament is based on the Westminster System, thanks to its inheritance as a British colony.
The majority of the executive power in Singapore is under the Cabinetto, led by a Prime Minister.
The office of the President in the Government of Singapore is generally a ceremony, but there are some potters of old.
The legislative power in the Singapore shall be based in the parliament.
Parliamental elections of Singapore shall be by plurality; the Prince of Singapore shall be the People's Action Party (the People's Action Party) (_People's Action Party] (_) since the country has gained its autonomy.
The judicial power in the United Nations is of the Court of Judgment, with a system of poor courts, under a supreme court.
Though the law of the law of the United Nations is inherited from the British custom law, the law has been exercised by Singapore to change tradition.
There is no judgment by juries, and the criminal activity can be put on a grievously basis (for example, grieving lot, body penalty, or capital punishment).
XYZ Splen
Splen (Greece ??) is the organ of the human body, and of almost all vertebrate animals, which are blood circulating, and as part of the lymphatic system, are involved in the defense of the body.
378 ENDOFPAGE
The splen is leaking foreign matter and the bacteria from the blood.
The splen also stirs up the guastate and old erythrocyto cells.
XYZ DVD
DVD (known as (Digital Video Disc) is an optical media format disc.
Its main uses are video and data.
Many DVDs are of equal sizes to compact discs (CDs) but can image 4.7 gigabytes or 8.5 gigabytes compared to 800 megabytes (the capacity of the CD).
Changes the name of the DVD_describe the way the data is stored on discs: the DVD-ROM has data that can be read is not able to be written, written on DVD-R and DVD-R allowed to write the data once.
DVD -RW, DVD-RW and DVD - RAM allowed to record many times the data.
The length of the one used to standard the DVD is 650 nm, and the one has a red color.
XYZ History
In 1993, two optical record formats have been developed; one was the MultiMedia Compact of Philips and Sony, and the other was the Super Density Disc, of Toshiba, Time Warner, Matsushita Electric, Hitachi, Mitsubishi Electric, Pioneer, Thomson, and JVC.
379 ENDOFPAGE
A group of experts called the Technical Group of Laboro (which included representatives from the Microsoft, Sun, Dell, and many others) voted to cut off the two forms for determining them to turn into a common standard which is born with the name of the DVD.
XYZ Art
Art (from the Latin_ars_, genitive_artis_) is the activity or product of human beings, with a detailed or communicative spopo, with which one can express ideas, emotions, and a vision of the real or imagined world.
The display of art can be done with physical, linguistic or sound resources.
Art is a critical component of culture that shows the values of its people, and can last at the crossing of neighborhoods in time, space, or real linguistic barriers.
XYZ History
From the paleolytic, art has performed rituals, magic, or religious; and then, the scribes and power of art have grown up, gating scientific values and educational, commercial, expressive, decorative, or nicely recognizable functions.
XYZ Idea
The idea of art and its role is an idea which is debated today, because its definition can be interpreted in many ways that vary with society, the age, and the running fashion.
380 ENDOFPAGE
The word of the word is large and may represent any activity made with dedication.
That's why we can discuss the culinary art, martial art, medical art, cetera, in this capacity, art is a synonym for skill, ability, power, talent, or experience.
However, when they say 'art', usually re-fires human creations (artical operations) with stolecos.
In this context, 'art' is the generalisation of the ancient concept of beautiful art, which today is reduced to academic schools.
This article considers 'art' to be a means of human creative expression.
XYZ Artistic disciplines
- Architecture
Artisan
XYZ - Ceramics
Graphical Art
Cinematograph
Comic
Dance
381 ENDOFPAGE
- Litterature
Music
Photograph
- Pickling.
Sculptura
- Theatro
XYZ Vide etimam
- Martial Art
- Culture
XYZ Amélie Nothomb
Amélie Nothomb (born in Etterbeek, Belgium, 9 June 1966) is a beleaguered writer in French language.
The daughter of an aristocratic diplomat, she discovered Belgium only at age 17.
Her romances are often made of autobiographical character.
She won the Grand Prize of the French Academy for her romance (Stupeur et tremblements_ and even more of the literary prizes for the Grand Prix de l'Assin, La Sabotage amourux_e and _Neither d'Eve, nor d'Adam_.
382 ENDOFPAGE
In 2008, she became the Commander of the Great Crown Order.
She dwells in Bruxelles.
XYZ Napoléon Bonaparte
Napoléon Bonaparte (born as Napoleone di Buonaparte_, 15 August 1769 - 5 May 1821), later known as Napoléon I, was a military and political leader of France whose actions led the European police into the 19th century.
Born in Corsica and taught as an artillery officer, Bonaparte was able to support the Prime Republic of France, and led to the first and second occupations in order against France.
In 1799 he set up a timeout and settled down like the French Emperor Consul; five years later, he was cut off by the French Emperor.
In the first century of the 19th century, he turned the French Prime Empire army against each major power in Europe, and overran continental Europe with a series of military victories.
He kept France's daughter-in-law by the form of extensive alliances and the appointment of friends and family to leading positions of other European countries, such as the client states of France.
The French invasion of Russia in 1812 marked a change in the direction of the fortunes of Napoléon.
His Grand Armé_ was seriously damaged in the country and never fully recovered.
383 ENDOFPAGE
In 1813 the Sixth Coalition won against its forces in the Leipzig Battalion; in the next year the Coalition commanded France, Napoléon forbaded his position and exiled him to Elba.
After a year, he escaped to Elba and returned to his position, but he was disposed of in the Waterloo Battalion in June 1815.
Napoléon spent the final six years of his life under his parental supervision in the hall of Sancte Helena.
One autopsy concluded that he died of stomach cancer, but Sten Forshufvud and other scientists had concluded that he had come up with arsenics.
The conflict with Europe caused a total period of war throughout the continent; its fields were studied in military academias throughout the whole world.
He also remembered the establishment of the Napoleonic Code, which created the administrative and judicial foundations for several countries in Western Europe, and 70 countries of the world.
Its policies included more effective police and liberal reform: the abolishment of feudalism, state effective and meritocratic administration, rights of property, religious toleration, and the promotion of science, of art and education.
Euro XYZ
384 ENDOFPAGE
Euro (EUR or euro) is the European Union's Member States of the European Union: they are bought in the European area, and also from other non-EU States.
It was introduced on January 1, 1999, inde, there was no ten of the Union's countries.
The notes and coins of the old, non-nobstanti national valutas have continued to be valid until 1 January 2002.
The euro shall be divided into 100 cents, the veil of the eurocent_.
XYZ Nomine
The name of the name _euro_ is the successor of the name _European Currency Unit_ECU.
The official documents of the EU use words, Euro, and Cent, always in singular form.
XYZ Administration
The euro shall be governed by the European System of Central Banks (ESCB), consisting of the European Central Bank (ECB) and the national banks of the countries - members which have adopted the euro.
BCE (located in Francofort on Moeno, Germany) is the only one with the authority to develop monetary policy.
XYZ Stargate
Stargate shall refer to spectacular bodies, games, franchising and furs focusing on the original skin of the same name in 1994.
385 ENDOFPAGE
The skin is a band of travellers that will stand on other planets for stargates.
The head is Jack O'Neal.
They save men who are controlled by God's people who intend to be Gods.
- Stargate_ - Original skin in which the band saves slaves under Ra.
...Stargate: SG-1_ - The television series where the people are scalps and controlled by Goa'uld which they intend to be God's.
Stargate: Atlantis_ - The television series where humans travel to the universe above the city and the Spanish ship Atlantis.
XYZ Arguments and Concepts
The skin is from a band of travellers that will be on other planets by stargates and spread-out doors.
The head is Jack O'Neal.
They save men who are controlled by God's people who intend to be Gods.
Abydos - A planet
Ascent - A high-floor status of existence.
386 ENDOFPAGE
For God's sake, the Goa's longings that are gods, but the band reveals that the Goa'ulds are false gods.
Harcesis - Twofold knees and all the sciences of Goa'uls.
First of all, the children of the Goa'uld, which the Jaffas wears in their destiny.
The word is from the language of Jaffas.
Stargate - A ring and door that uses a spacious hole - tempest (_wormhole_) tied to other starlings, allowing people to travel from a stargate across the vast interstellar distances.
XYZ rays
Elders--Racia and old men built the stargates and ascended.
Asgardes - Racia and advanced technology.
Furlings
Goa'uld - Parasites who control his host.
Jaffa - Humans who carry children of goa'ul in their stomachs are served by the Goa'uldes.
Now, religious persons who intend to be gods and ascenders and use the power of their minds.
387 ENDOFPAGE
Replier - Robot composite dwarfs.
Others are other machines, they appear human.
These are two versions of SG-1 and Atlantis which are called Asurians.
XYZ Simón Bolívar
Simon José Antonio de la Santísima Trinidad Bolívar Palacios y Blanco (Jule 24, 1783, Caracas, Venezuela - 17 December 1830, St. Martha, Colombia) was a South American military officer and political scholar from the independence of Venezuela, from Colombia, from Ecuador, from Peru, from Panama and from Bolivia.
XYZ Young Life
He was of Basque origin, especially from the Ziortza village - Bolibar in Biscaya.
When he was nine years old, his parents were already dead.
His avunculousness employed various preceptors to teach him and educate him, but he was a disciplinary problem.
In the end, his avunculo employed Simon Rodríguez and the problem was solved.
The two became good friends.
388 ENDOFPAGE
For six years, when the young man came to service for twelve years, Rodríguez taught him the ideas of the great European philosophes of this time, who believed in freedom and equality for all the people, such as Jean Jacques Rousseau, who taught him that he would only think of how to protect his son, where he had to teach him to protect himself, as if he had come to life, as if necessary in the cold, or in the fiery rock of Malta.
And that's what Rodríguez taught the young Bolivar.
He also taught him how to live in a forest and in the city.
He taught him to survive difficult situations.
Rodríguez had to leave Venezuela in 1797 because he had been involved in a revolution that made a fiasco.
In that time, there were people who wanted to free Venezuela from Spanish rule.
Several years later, the two Simones met again, travelling across Europe, the second visit of Bolivar there.
He reached the age of ten years.
At the age of ten o'clock, Simon Bolívar was married with the daughter of a noble Spanish man and returned with her to Venezuela.
His young wife died ten months after arriving in Venezuela because of yellow fever.
Simon returned to Europe and this visit would change his life.
389 ENDOFPAGE
He was in Paris, France, where Napoléon Bonaparte was commanded by the Emperor.
As he observed hundreds of thousands of soulful and cheerful people, it seemed to him that the greatest desire of a person is to be seen in the midst of a group of people who express their kind of affection and love.
He would say later that he thought of his own poor country and glory as a man who could deliver it.
With Simon Rodríguez again, he visited Rome.
On a mountain at the height of the city, Simulá Bolívar was kneeling and swore that he would work without fatigue until Venezuela would be freed from Spanish rule.
Bolivar would spend the rest of his life to fulfill his promise.
XYZ _The Liberator_
After many terrible years and two more revolutions, Simon Bolivar began to accomplish his dream.
The beginning, where it can be said, occurred in 1819.
Bolivar had already been involved in a revolution led by General Francisco de Miranda.
It was a fiasco.
A second revolution led by Bolivar also made a fiasco.
390 ENDOFPAGE
He had almost done his best at the end of the year, he had lost against the rods of the Orinocan valley, which were fighting on the side of the swords.
Five-years after the oath on one of the mountains of Rome, Bolivar led a two-thousand, one-hundred-hundred-man exercise to New Granada (day of Colombia and Panama) from the Orinoco region of Venezuela.
Bolivar had already been involved in two revolutions but this time, against seven thousand Spanish soldiers, he would triumph.
He took five years to repay his new army, after the conclusion of the second revolution, but that time Bolívar joined General Francisco de Paule Santander of New Granada.
At least with some British and Irish people they'll be free first New Granada and later Venezuela.
It was rainy times when Bolivar came out.
There were three ways to get to New Granada.
Bolivar chose the most difficult because the enemy would not be suspected, nor would he expect it to be used.
In advance of the army, Bolívar went from the top to the bottom, encouraging his people.
He helped the weak and the sick.
When his army crossed the plains of Casanara, they marched for a week with water until the fifth.
391 ENDOFPAGE
They had to lay their rifles on their heads.
There was no sentient, and they had to open the way for the thick forest.
There were no bridges, and they slowly made it.
At the end of the plains they met the mountains of the Andes.
Bolivar lost many soldiers in the mountains.
Many soldiers died of the cold and others returned because of illness and impeneturable terrain to some of their horses.
But Simon Bolívar continued in front, leading the army on the mountains and descending to New Granada.
When Bolivar came to New Granada, his army was only counting some hundred people.
But his plan to surprise the Spanish was a success.
When the Spanish soldiers recovered from the confusion, it was too late: Bolivar had triumphed.
On the third day his army came to Bogotá.
In December he was appointed president and military chief of the Republic of Colombia.
This new republic was made up of New Granada, Venezuela, and Quite (called Emperor later).
392 ENDOFPAGE
The only problem was that large parts of Venezuela and Ecuador remained under Spanish rule.
In June 1821, Bolívar won against the Spanish men in the battle of Carabó and Venezuela was free.
Bolivar left the General Santander in charge of the land, as he had done in New Granada, and then turned to free Equador.
In Ecuador Bolivar he made the knowledge of the great love of his life: Manuela Sáenz.
In 1824, Bolivar and his major teacher, Antonio José Sucre, helped free Peru.
Some months later, Sucre delivered the High Peru.
This new country decided to call Bolivia in honor of Bolivar.
Bolivar was now the President of Peru, Bolivia and the Republic of Colombia, which included New Granada, Venezuela and Ecuador.
It had been proposed to form a Spanish-American country league.
In 1826 there was an assembly in Panama including the countries of Bolívar, Central America, and Mexico.
The convention was not very successful, but it was the beginning of international cooperation.
In 1826, Simón Bolívar began to lose his power.
393 ENDOFPAGE
Venezuela and New Granada no longer wanted to be joined in one country.
There was a civil war, and Bolívar came out of Peru to try to preserve the united Republic of Colombia.
He couldn't do it.
And the people did not like the way he had taken the land.
He actually ran out of murder together by the courage and knowledge of Manuela Sáenz in Bogotá, Colombia, in 1828.
In the middle, Bolivar woke up with the sides of dogs and strange sounds in the castle.
He took his sword and his pistol and started running to the gates, but Manuela stopped him.
The voices outside cried out: Death to the Tyranny, and Death to Bolivar. Manuela opened a window and Bolivar came out of it.
At that moment the doors opened with a big blow.
Manuela took a sword and confronted the murderers.
They were very surprised by this woman's action, and she told them that Bolivar was there.
In the end, Bolivar came to the exception that he had become an obstacle to the countries he himself had helped deliver.
394 ENDOFPAGE
In view of this, in May 1830 he decided to leave South America and travel to Europe.
However, when he was right on the point of leaving, he received news that there were troubles in Bogotá and brought down his journey.
He stayed at the house of a Spanish gentleman who had always admired Bolívar.
There, Bolívar passed his time, and it was there that he died of tuberculosis on December 17th, 1830.
395 ENDOFPAGE
